# Half Marathon Houston - Runna Week 10

we are now in the home stretch for my
preparation for the half marathon in
Houston and I'll be hitting Peak mileage
weeks just in time for Christmas so
let's pack up the presents and the
carbon plated Racers this is a runner
update at week 10
[Music]
yo what's going on kafui coming to you
on location from my backyard for the
third installment in my training series
with Runa who is the sponsor for this
training series now I've been using the
app to prepare for the half marathon at
Houston which is definitely different
than the Houston half marathon and right
now I'm standing in my backyard without
a jacket or even gloves on which means
that it's unseasonably warm here in this
part of the country for this part of the
year but I'm going to take that as a
lucky sign because it has been peak week
and I've had some really tough workouts
and the balmy unseasonably warm weather
has been really good for me to get those
tough workouts completed let's see how
the workouts have been going starting
with week nine Mondays and Wednesdays
are session days with the way I've set
up my run a plan and this workout was
called Tempo repeat now I don't know if
I can call it a weakness but a kind of
workout that I particularly dislike is
long repetitions at Round threshold pace
and that's exactly what this was two 2
and 1/2 Mile reps at
6:35 I was nervous and my original plan
was to try and just hang on to the tail
end of the paces maybe stay within 10
seconds per mile of what I was supposed
to do but I ultimately decided to trust
myself and ignore the watch as much as I
could I ran to effort not the
and I was able to come in under the
prescribed Paces 625 for the first 2 and
1/2 Mile rep and 631 on average for the
second one and that was a big confidence
booster because while it was hard it
kind of felt like I had to hold back a
bit it wasn't an allout effort which is
promising I was looking forward to a
recovery run on Tuesday but with 9 and a
half miles on the calendar it kind of
felt like a lot I decided to take out
the diodora nucleo 2 for a first run for
this one diodora told me that this shoe
wasn't a stability shoe which is
important to me because I have a hard
time running in stability shoes but this
shoe definitely felt a little bit like a
recovery shoe for the first several
miles but eventually both my body and
the shoe loosened up a bit and I was
able to enjoy the rest of the balmy
weather on this run
Wednesday was another tough session the
workout was called Fast
842 and as the Reps got shorter the
paces got faster the real tough thing
about this one though was that after 5
800 met repeats I had to do 10
400s mentally and physically there was
just something about that 10 number that
was daunting I was trying out the Topo
Cyclone 3 which is a paback mids shoe
that is designed for these exact types
of workouts but I will admit that in my
most tired moments I was really missing
the carbon fiber plate that this shoe
doesn't have I fell short on a bunch of
these reps but I definitely got the
stimulus intended from this workout I
was exhausted by the end
by Thursday I was definitely ready for
that recovery run and the easy five on
the calendar wasn't exactly easy but it
was nice and
relaxed and on Friday it was supposed to
be a long run day but it had snowed a
few inches overnight so I switched my
Friday long run for the medium run I was
supposed to have the next day and I
headed for my local trails in veterans
Acres
[Music]
Park or mule racing a trail and Ultra
race company that is also based in
Crystal Lake puts on a couple of events
in this very Park and it's also where
the local high school hosts its home
cross country races it's also one of the
places in town where I take the kids
sledding so I've spent a lot of time in
this park and it's at its best when it's
snowing
[Music]
while I don't usually have to walk the
uphills here on this snowy day and on my
tired legs I did find myself walking
from time to time but otherwise the
woods were just absolutely gorgeous and
I had a fantastic time running the these
11
[Music]
miles Saturday was the long run day
though that I had moved from the day
prior and it was supposed to be 17.5 mil
easy I stopped by the lake to see people
ice fishing out there which is
surprising because the lake has has been
going back and forth between Frozen and
melted over the temperature swings of
the past month I also noticed some of my
footprints which is always weird for me
to see when I'm walking or running at a
very easy Pace my feet always stick out
of B funny and you can see how my heels
drag a bit this I presume is why some
shoes have lateral heel bevels
I was enjoying this run but I did have
to cut it a bit short I felt fine and I
had plenty of fluids and nutrition on me
I just ran out of time it's easy to
forget 17.5 Mi easy takes a long while
to
run for my Sunday six I ran at busy
Woods which runs through a town called
Elk Grove Village there are Elks at busy
Woods they're kept behind a fenced in
area and presumably they native to the
region busy Woods has a lot of bathrooms
but they pretty much are always locked
and closed there's always a sign saying
that they're closed for the season but
these are permanently bolted in to the
brick wall so I'm not really sure which
season they're closed and which season
they're open cuz I don't think I've ever
never seen them open the loop here is
7.3 Mi and I only technically needed 6
miles for the day but I ran the full
loop and then some so that I could hit
70 Mi for the
week now I'm not the type of Runner
that's going to get really bothered if I
end a run at like 99 miles I'm not going
to run a little bit extra just to take
over to the next full whole mile but if
that happens to me in terms of weekly
mileage like if I'm at like 69.8 miles
on the week I'm definitely going to run
a little bit more to get to that next
round number so I ended week n with
70.1 Miles rather than an otherwise
ludicrous
69.8 Monday was another session day and
this workout was called onoff K five
times 1K at 715 per mile and 1K at 615
per mile so this was basically a 10K at
what would average pretty close to my
10K
PB this run was not going to be easy I
did bring another shoe to test for this
one the Brooks Hyperion Elite 4 PB which
brings piba to their top tier racing
shoe I was glad to have it for this run
the shoe is still a bit firmer than I
personally would like but the proof
seems to be in the pudding I held myself
back on most of the Reps but let it rip
for the last couple where I was able to
in at PACE or even a little bit faster
[Music]
[Music]
on Tuesday we were at my in-laws and I
had a 9 and 1/2 Mile easy run I decided
to go on a route that I hadn't run in a
while and I definitely forgot how long
that Loop was for some reason I thought
it'd be 9 miles and I'd have to run
around a little bit to get to my mileage
for the day but by the Six Mile Mark I
still wasn't all that close to home
which made me nervous because I'd only
brought one gel and no fluids with me
[Music]
the loop ended up being 11 miles so on
paper not all that much longer than I
had intended but it just felt like I ran
a lot that day plus my daughter wanted
to go for a run so I accompanied her for
an additional very easy mile and a half
Wednesday was Christmas morning and we
do most of our family Christmas stuff on
Christmas Eve so I had the morning to
squeeze in a workout before the rest of
the extended family arrived for more
Christmas festivities in the afternoon
Runa with the holiday spirit was feeling
generous so it assigned me 20 times 400
met repeats at 540 per mile Pace that's
a pace somewhere between 5K and mile
race pace so this was a tough one and
whenever I have to do a workout and I'm
at my in-laws I'll most likely do it on
this one mile Loop in D Ville it loops
around a couple of soccer fields it's
mostly flat and I don't have to worry
about road traffic which typically has
giant trucks hauling things or actual
farm
[Music]
[Applause]
equipment temps continue to rise on
Thursday and we ended up with some very
dense fog I picked a route I wouldn't
have to to drive to for my 5m easy run
it's a loop I've done so many times I
could almost do it with my eyes closed
and with the fog that's kind of how it
[Music]
felt I heard a couple of dogs barking
the farm I heard them from is one where
I know the two dogs have an electric
fence but there was a new third dog he
was not subject to an electric fence and
after a couple of tense first few
moments for me it eventually started
running with me I tried to get it to
stay or go home but those weren't
commands it seemed to know I'm starting
to wonder if that's actually a thing
that dogs ever know so the dog ended up
running with me for 2 miles until I made
it all the way back home this isn't the
first time something like this has
happened to me where a dog runs with me
for several miles and usually if it does
follow me all the way home I just go
inside and let the dog figure it out the
dogs around here all seemed to know how
to do that but I didn't get the feeling
that this dog was from around here I
suspected it was visiting family and
because it was so foggy I was worried a
car might hit a dog wandering back to
where it came from so I put it in my car
and drove it back to the farm and then
when I got back home my daughter wanted
to go for a run too so I had another 2
miles to run with my
[Music]
daughter Friday was a big day the name
of the workout was race prep 15.5 M
total with 2 * 3.7 mil at race Pace
Runner prescribed 640 per mile and while
I feel like I can race half marathons
faster than that I wasn't going to try
and be a hero on this day remember how I
said I hate long fast reps well this was
like the mother of them all the first
one was so hard the one mile Loop that
I've done so many workouts on never felt
so long
[Music]
after the first rep was over there was a
im merciful 2 and 1/2 mil worth of easy
recovery I took a couple of gels and
then settled in for the next rep I used
my relish Mantra that I've been using
this entire training block I tried to
zone out I tried to focus extra hard on
my technique I threw pretty much
everything that I had at this last rep
it was tough physically and mentally but
I was able to come in right at PACE with
the first 3.7 mile rep averaging at 637
per mile and the second 3.7 M rep
averaging right at
640 for Saturday we were back home in
Crystal Lake the weather was wonderfully
warm and I initially felt like I should
try and run even more because it was so
nice but 6 miles ended up feeling like
plenty I was pretty tired
Sunday was another easy run but it was a
medium long one at 11 mil the temps were
quite mild but everything was a bit wet
it wasn't exactly raining but it wasn't
not raining
either by mile 8 I was soaked and
starting to really want the run to be
over and I probably could have cut the
Run short with all the extra miles I run
earlier in the week but I decided I
would ride it out for the full 11 and I
ended the week at 72.8 Mi
[Music]
[Music]
total so with Peak Week completed it's
time to get to some predictions right
now I'm currently feeling pretty healthy
sometimes at the end of a training block
I can get a little thing with the pads
of my feet that's not happening right
now and other things that can happen to
me laid into a training block is that my
ankles might start to get really stiff
that's another thing that's not
happening so I'm feeling pretty healthy
and I'm feeling pretty fit so what do I
think that'll mean let's look at a
couple of key sessions one thing that I
want to look at is that tempo run from
week nine where I had two times 2 and
1/2 Mile repetitions that one I came in
at 625 and 631 631 was my race pace for
last year's PR that I had at the half
marathon at Houston so so that's a good
sign that I'm able to hit that pace for
those longer repetitions and then on
week 10 another key session was that
long run that had two times 3.7 M
repetitions that came in at 637 and 640
so those are really good workouts for me
I feel strong and confident about those
but those are slower than my race Pace
was from last year so maybe that is not
as positive of an indicator
now on the other hand I did have
basically what was yaso 800s about
halfway through the training block when
I was down in Austin and I averaged a
pace of about 3 minutes for 800 met
repetitions over the 10 reps which
indicates that I'm pretty fit so that's
a positive indicator that leans me
towards thinking I might be in PB
Fitness but then again I've also
somewhat recently had two different fem
time trials one was a Turkey Trot on a
very pre hilly course and then the next
one was uh on the second day of a
two-day back-to-back sessions kind of
week and so those times were very good
I'm proud of them but they weren't
exactly PB level fast which is something
that I would kind of expect to see for
five mile time trials late into a
training plan so there's kind of mixed
signals all over the board but I think
there's one more week of intense
training before Runa starts to put me
into a two- we taper and assuming the
taper goes well I think that when my
body is able to absorb all this work
that I've been doing and build upon all
the things that we've put together for
this training plan I'm
feeling pretty optimistic I'm not super
optimistic about it but I think right
now the race plan is going to be to line
up for 630 per mile pace for the half
marathon at Houston if I can hold on to
that pace for the entire race that'll be
a little bit of a PB but I think it
could very easily go a minute faster or
a minute slower than that if I fall
anywhere within that range I'll be
pretty happy because that's going to be
a very fast time for me right up there
with my fastest half marathon times so
I'm feeling good about where I am so far
but we'll have to see what happens come
a race day in the interim between now
and then there's going to be a few weeks
the content plan is going to be that uh
first I'll put out the Houston Race
video uh which will show kind of like
what's happening in the moment but it
won't go over things like how I felt
about the kit that I used fueling and
any other things thoughts that are going
through my head uh that all stuff comes
in the following video in the race recap
which will be the final installment of
this series and then of course in the
meantime there will also be regular
running shoe review video so hit the
Subscribe button if you're interested in
any of that and if you are interested in
trying the run an app for yourself use
code kofuzi for two free weeks I get no
benefit or penalty whether you use it or
or not but it's there if you want it

---

# How Much a 200,000 Subscriber YouTube Channel Makes in a Year In AdRev

yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm a non- elite Runner who viws running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to talk to you guys about how much ad R
A 200,000 subscriber YouTube channel
makes in a year now these videos always
get away from me and get way longer than
I intend so let's jump right into it
let's take a look at my YouTube Studio
this is the channel dashboard this is an
interface that I look at pretty much on
a daily basis if not multiple times per
day to kind of keep track of how things
are going on the channel and to get to
the numbers that we want to look at
let's go to the analytics section and
change my view to 2024 now I am filming
this on December 29th to get this video
ready for release at the end of the year
at the end of 2024 so there's a couple
of days worth of AD rev that aren't
going to be accounted for in here and a
lot of this stuff for December is an
estimate but so far for 2024 YouTube
studio is telling me that this channel
has had an estimated revenue of $ 59,000
8651 and that's over the course of 11.4
million views
$824,000 watch time in hours and an
increase of
35.9 th000 subscribers now there are
Peaks and valleys based on this in terms
of how much money I'm making in a single
day I think the biggest day that I had
moneymaking wise was on April 23rd where
I made
$476 in one day in terms of Revenue
coming in in that 24-hour period and
that was a day where I had just posted
my video from the London Marathon which
is a race that I've been training for uh
it wasn't a great race for me that day
uh so there was a little bit of drama in
that video and the week prior was the
Boston Marathon and that video I think
was already up as well so I kind of had
two big videos that were both out at the
same time which contributed to that and
a lot of these other spikes are
generally around either big SHO releases
or other big racing events that I
intended throughout the year uh if we
scroll down through here we could see
which were the top videos in the period
the number one viewed video that I had
in 2024 was for the novast 4 after 100
miles which that is a long-term update
video I already made a novablast 4 video
prior to that um and at the beginning of
the year the long-term update came out
and that came out with a 196,000 views
over the course of the Year second place
also another as6 shoe the A6 Nimbus 26
and in third place another update video
the new balance Rebel version 4 with
162,000 views and so the number one and
three spots are really surprising to me
because I always feel like that there
isn't as lot of momentum around the 100
mile update review video for those of
you that are unfamiliar with the channel
when I review a shoe I'll run in it a
few times get to about 20 to 30 miles in
a shoe before I do a video uh sometimes
more sometimes less uh and that's kind
of like the main hit that I get from
reviewing a new shoe that's when people
are excited about it it's when the shoe
is newer I'll keep running in the shoe
to see if things change and how things
develop over time and get to about 100
miles and that's usually when I kind of
end my testing period with the shoe uh
and I'll post an update video I try to
do those a little bit more succinctly
because it's a follow-up I've already
done a primary review on it uh and there
isn't as much interest or at least feels
like it but to see that two of my top
performing videos or update videos is a
real surprise and then another surprise
that I see here is that my number sixth
most viewed video is a watch video and
now this is a big comparison video Coral
Space 3 versus a Garmin an Apple Watch a
polar Pace Pro so this was another like
a big wide multiat review that took kind
of a lot of time but I generally haven't
been focusing it on a lot of watch or
device reviews because it feels like
those are a lot of work and don't get a
lot of views back from it but this one
did bring in 144,000 views and that's a
pretty Successful video for me so maybe
I need to rethink that strategy I do
have a bunch of watches that I've been
testing lately and I haven't reviewed
yet so I think that means that I should
probably do another kind of multiat big
comparison review video I just got to
sit down and actually film it after
going through all of my testing so let's
dig deeper into some of these other sub
uh menus in this analytics section to
give a little bit more context in terms
of what this running Channel gives so
now in terms of published content I have
been doing both shorts and YouTube
videos my shorts strategy is really just
take the reals that I'm making on
Instagram and then post the same one on
uh YouTube shorts I've never been a huge
fan of making YouTube shorts and I don't
really love making short form videos I'm
more of a long form guy um but I felt
like I have to have some sort of present
in YouTube shorts so I'm trying I'm
seeing a little bit of traction and
growth from it uh but it still feels
like it's more trouble than it's worth
uh this year I uploaded 143 shorts and I
did 101 videos and those are long form
videos whether it's a shoe review an
update shoe review video or uh I also do
Run Travel Vlogs where I'm going to a
race or going to running event uh and so
that's where those 101 videos are coming
from um in terms of how viewers are
finding me this is a product review
channel so like search and optimization
is pretty important but it's not the
most important way that viewers are
finding me at this point in my YouTube
career uh the browse features on YouTube
are the main way I think that's
scrolling through kind of like your
homepage is how people are finding me or
other browsing mechanisms whether it's
like you shown a kind of like a panel of
videos at the end of watching a
different video and you can select which
one you want to watch next I think that
also counts as browse uh 32.6% of My
Views are coming in from browse and
31.6 are coming in from YouTube search
and those are the two main ways that
people find me let's compare that to
2023 where um much more of it came from
browse and even less of it came from
YouTube search which is interesting
because this year I've spent even less
time worrying about tags to put into
descriptions or uh making sure that
there's hashtags or accounts that are
tagged or anything like that but I have
been trying to spend less time worrying
about like making sure that everything
is optimized and just kind of naming
things the way that I would name them if
I were to do a search for these things
let's go to audience which uh always
surprises me every year um gain 35.9
th000 subscribers this year which is
actually a a big decrease from last year
it's a 27% decrease compared to the
amount of subscribers I gained last year
I think big part of that is that uh I
think reviewed fewer shoes this year I
did a lot of work travel traveling to
events uh traveling to cover races uh
and those always just take up a lot of
my time and make it harder for me to
review more shoes so I think that if I
had reviewed more shoes uh I probably
would have gained more subscribers at
this point and it's been this way for a
couple of years now I'm not too
concerned about getting new subscribers
I kind of like the number of people that
are here the community feels manageable
to me the community feels uh intimate
and welcoming and supportive but it has
been down quite a bit and I do think
it's because there has been less uh shoe
review videos and I do feel like I need
to review a lot more shoes uh in 2025 so
that's something that I want to be
focusing on not just because of the fact
that it affects subscriber growth that's
actually one of the last reasons why I'd
be increasing the number of shoe reviews
uh it's just that this is a running shoe
review Channel and you kind of have to
remember uh what people are coming here
for and then the last thing from this
submenu that I want to go over is the
age and gender and I always find this
very surprising uh I don't really feel
like I'm making a very male oriented
Channel yet uh this number has been
going up every single year this year I'm
at 91.4% male viewership uh with 8.6%
female viewership uh at least based on
the ways that are identifiable from the
way that you are or aren't logged in on
YouTube uh it's very different than what
I experience on Instagram and also even
more so different than what I experience
in in-person events in terms of people
that are coming to meetups group runs
that I do uh there it does not feel like
it's 91% male to 9% female at all so
that number is always a big surprise for
me I've had various theories as to why
this is over the years but ultimately
the figure is what the figure is it's
91% male on the channel as far as
YouTube and Google are concerned uh with
the the vast majority of those people
being in either the 25 to 34 year old
category or the 35 to 44y Old category
all right uh last submenu that we'll go
over is the revenue section and I think
there's a couple of interesting things
going on in here we saw what were my top
performing videos earlier in terms of
views now let's talk about what the top
performing videos were in terms of
Revenue or ad rev that comes in um and
the number one was the Sak endorphin
speed 4 which was one of my favorite
shoes of the year uh it didn't end up
being my shoe of the year but I thought
it had shoe of the Year potential that
ended up being my highest revenue
generating video of the year that video
alone generating
$1,248 which is quite a bit of a
surprise it's a great shoe uh but the
views weren't really there they didn't
jump out at me as being like an
exceptionally High performing video so
the fact that the revenue is high on
that is a little bit of a surprise and
then the other surprise for me is that
the there's three videos in the top five
ad rev generating videos that are not
shoe review videos so uh I mentioned
that I do Run Travel uh or run Vlog type
of videos I call them Runners weekend
that's the name of that series the
second highest revenue generating video
that I have was from my visit to the
Boston Marathon I didn't run it uh in
20124 uh but I went to go and put on
some Live inperson Events uh and I went
to go watch watch the race itself and
just kind of show what it's like to go
as a super fan uh to attend a big world
major Marathon that ended up bringing in
$1,000 in Revenue in the net net I think
that in terms of the adrev versus what
the expenses were on that trip uh the
expenses were way more than $1,000 but
that is something where I am doing
in-person events where I do charge
appearance fees and so there's different
math that makes that work out I'm pretty
sure I'd have to talk to my agent about
that but I'm pretty sure that I ended up
positive on the Boston trip and then
number four was the marathon trials so
the there was a marathon that was run in
Orlando for the top American men and
women to see who would go to the
Olympics I went to go and spectate that
race chase the athletes around the
course and try and film them doing their
things and being excellent uh and that
brought in
$940 and then the fifth highest
performing was the London Marathon video
coming in at
$928 now there was two London Marathon
videos that I made one was from the race
itself and we kind of talked about that
earlier on that high Revenue day that I
had this runnner weekend video is a
video that I make later on talking about
all the things that I did while I was
traveling the places I stayed the people
I saw the things that I ate all that's
kind of in that travel and running video
together and that Runners weekend video
from London rounds out the top five
Revenue performances for 2024 now
there's a button down here there you
could see more and one of the things
things that I was trying to do is figure
out what was my worst performing video
of 2024 but it only goes up to 50 videos
now I only made 100 in one video so uh I
was hoping that maybe there's like an
arrow to click to next and maybe I could
sort by lowest amount of Revenue that
wasn't available but uh you can export
your top 500 videos throughout the
entire channel for the period of 2024
and when I did that uh I it gives you a
separate spreadsheet I open it up in a
Google sheet and it looks like to me my
worst performing video of 2024 was from
about a year ago January 12th it was my
review of the insta 360 Ace Pro uh that
video brought in
$557 which puts me way upside down on
the cost of that camera cuz I think it
was a $250 maybe a $300 camera something
in that territory so uh that one
definitely is a flop which makes sense I
didn't love the camera and so uh I'm not
a person that likes to go negative on
the internet uh and I think that my
viewers don't like it when I go negative
on the internet so that's a video that I
think just didn't do well so uh that's
pretty much it from what I had planned
to go over from uh all of my statistics
on this 200,000 YouTube subscriber
channel uh let me know in the comments
if you have any other questions that you
want me to follow up on in terms of how
things work or any other metrics that
are going on in the YouTube channel I'm
happy to share them with you you guys uh
this is a video that I've been making
for 7 years now I'll post links to all
the other ones that you could see uh
down in the description uh below so you
could check those out uh if you are near
one of those Milestone numbers uh to see
where your channel Stacks up thanks
everybody for making it all the way to
the end of this video hopefully you guys
are staying safe out there on your runs
or whatever it is that you're doing and
I will see you in 2025

---

# Shoe of the Year 2024

holy Calamity scream Insanity oh you
ever going to be another great
[Music]
[Applause]
Phantom holy Calamity scream Insanity oh
to be another great Fant of me bre
[Music]
this is a
JY this is a
journey this is a journey journey
[Music]

---

# Shoe of the Year 2024

over the past two and a half weeks I've
been going over my favorite shoes of
2024 but now it's time for the best of
the best I'm taking the winner of each
category to see which shoe Can Come Away
with best in shoe these are my
contenders for shoe of the year
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kafui and
I'm anite Runner who reviews running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to go over my contenders for shoe of the
Year 2024 but before I give you this
list I do want to go over some
disclosures these are all shoes that
were sent to me by their respective
manufacturers for the purpose of review
so I did not have to pay for these shoes
however nobody's paying me to make this
video or to include their shoe on this
list and no one's going to get a chance
to preview any of my footage of my
thoughts before you guys get a chance to
see this video on YouTube so with that
disclosure out of the way let's talk
about the winners of each subcategory of
running shoe that I've crowned already
and because I've already talked about
why I like these shoes so much I do want
to spend a moment to talk about each of
these shoes where they fit in a rotation
and why I think they're significant for
2024 and going into 2025 first let's
start with the daily trainer that's
where I always like to start whenever
I'm thinking about running shoes and for
this year the daily trainer of the year
was from New Balance is the rebel
version 4 now I feel like this shoe is
significant for a couple of reasons
there's an updated version of fuel cell
in this shoe that is a peba blend so
we're starting to see race materials
make their way into more and more daily
training applications and for that
reason it's significant but for me it's
significant because I've always thought
that pea blend meant some sort of a
compromise a price point compromise or a
durability compromise but the rebel
version 4 proved to me that I feel like
this foam is exactly what it needs to be
and so they didn't just Chuck in a bunch
of peba and make it a pure pea midsole
just for the sake of having that line
available to them in marketing they
actually made the midso do what it needs
to do and the other reason why I think
it's significant is again from like the
marketing perspective they didn't hide
the fact that it's a peba blend and so
they told us right from the beginning
that this is a little bit of peba a
little bit of Eva mixed together into a
super critical process to make this foam
and even though fuel cell is the trade
name for New Balances racing caliber
Foams again they weren't afraid that it
would dilute the brand recognition of
what fuel cell is by having one that
might they might use in racing
applications like in the SC Elite
version 4 and a different kind of fuel
cell that's available in the rebel
version 4 so they made the foam that
they needed to make for the type of shoe
that they wanted to make it ended up
being an excellent shoe and they weren't
scared of what the ingredients were in
order to make that product and for that
kind of transparency and for the
Excellence of this product the rebel
version 4 made it to my daily trainer of
the year now from daily trainers the
next shoe that I typically like to add
into a rotation is a racing shoe and
from the racing category Puma brought us
the Nitro Elite 3 this shoe is
significant for two things one is
because while it wasn't the first shoe
to introduce us to aliphatic TPU as a
race caliber material it's one that uses
it exceptionally well and so we're
getting all the benefits of that
aliphatic TPU the bounciness of it the
shock absorption of it but also the
durability of it in a race product but
it also is important because this shoe I
think marks the beginning of the next
level of carbon plate shoe Wars which
the battlefield is going to be in the
weight and this shoe is extremely light
it's one of the lightest shoes that's
available on the market right now and
while there are a couple of shoes
lighter there are a very few number of
shoes that are this light and also this
suitable for racing a Marathon distance
not only for Elites and Pros but also
for non- Elites as well and so for those
Innovations and what I think it will
Mark the beginning of in the next few
years in terms of what we're going to
see race product doing I felt like the
Nitro Elite 3 deserved the top spot as
the racing shoe of the year and then
another shoe that I like to put kind of
in between the daily trainer and the
racing shoe is the tempo shoe or the
session shoe it kind of has some
features of the daily trainer but some
features of AO but I really like to use
it for workouts and again we have
another entrant from puma and this is
the deviate Nitro 3 now one of the
things that's unique about this shoe is
that it didn't change all that much and
for me that's a really good thing
because the DV8 Nitro 2 was my shoe of
the year last year but there were a
little tweaks in the upper that made the
fit a little bit more suitable to its
task and there were very small shape
changes to the MSL that I think made it
a little bit more exciting still
compared to the already excellent shoe
of last year so this shoe I think is
significant in the sense that it reminds
me that if you have a really excellent
shoe with really excellent material you
don't always have to reinvent the wheel
every single year in order to stay on
top the DV8 Nitro 3 remains an excellent
shoe and it was my top Tempo trainer of
the year now let's get into the shoes
that you might want to run in when you
are beat up from all those Tempo
workouts and from your racing and that's
the max cushion category and this year
for me this was the glisser and Mac this
was a completely new shoe type from
Brooks and I think it is an a great
exposition of what I'm looking for in
modern Max cushion now we still have the
idea of the classic Max cushion we have
the Bondies the atmos the more version 5
those are shoes that I think we still
need in the running space but as far as
what I like and what's more modern I
love what's going on with the glycerin
Max it's giving us what I think is a
reimagined version of what plushness and
comfort are it's not just stinging a
whole bunch of memory foam in a tongue
and in a heel collar but instead it's
giving us Comfort up top and a great
amount of squishiness on the bottom that
isn't too mushy and so you're not
getting completely mired down in
quicksand as you're running it's just
the right amount of excellent softness
it's super comfortable for me and I love
what it could mean from the future of
Brooks as they expand to appeal to
different types of running consumers
than they typically have been targeting
and then the last category of shoe that
I want to talk about at the far end of
the spectrum is I think a newer category
of shoe a subgenre of the max cushion
Market if you want it is the long run
shoe and these are shoes that can do a
lot of the same things that Max cushion
shoes do and maybe this category
disappears in a couple years depending
on what Max cushion does in the future
but for now I consider this a separate
subcategory because it uses a lot of
racing materials in the midsole and it
generally tries to keep things more
minimal in terms of puffiness and
padding in the upper if we look at the
super Blast 2 I think it's a great
example of that we've got a bunch of FF
turbo plus which is the foam that
they're using in their latest gen Racing
shoes from as6 a little bit of daily
training foam on the bottom to help keep
things stabilized and this heel collar
has less padding in it than the Glide
ride Max or the Nimbus might have so
it's trying to keep things a little bit
more Nimble even though it's in this Max
cushion type of package I've really been
enjoying these YP of shoes for runs that
are not only long but also have a little
bit of pace changes in them those are my
favorite kind of long runs to do and
these are shoes that I feel like are
purpose built for it this shoe along
with the Invincible I think pretty much
invented the category and it's been the
type of shoe that I've been most excited
about in the last couple of years and
for that reason the super Blast 2 is a
significant shoe and not only just an
excellent example of its class and so
amongst these shoes I think you have a
really fantastic albe it expensive but a
really fantastic and fun running shoe
rotation most people don't need to get
all five of these shoes and if I were to
boil it down to just one shoe to have of
all these shoes that shoe for me would
be the Puma devi8 Nitro 3 this is going
to be two for two a repeat for the devi8
Nitro Series in taking shoe of the year
I think it can do easy running it can do
fast running it could do long running
it's maybe not the best recovery run
shoe but I think that if you wanted to
get one and only one shoe from racing to
recovery run the DV8 Nitro 3 could be
that shoe and for that reason that's why
it's my 2024 shoe of the year so those
are my thoughts on the best running
shoes of 2024 it has been a great year
to be a runner and I could say that from
a personal perspective it has been a
great year to be a shoe reviewer I've
had a great time testing and reviewing
these shoes and I've particularly
enjoyed talking to you guys about how
these shoes feel on foot I'm really
excited for what's to come in 2025 and
I've already started testing a bunch of
new shoes hit the Subscribe button so
you could see those reviews as they
become available next year but that's
going to be the end of this video and
the end of my running shoe review videos
for 2024 thanks so much for making it
all the way to the end of this video and
this year and I look forward to seeing
you in
2025 yo what's going on
[Music]
n
[Music]

---

# Best of 2024. Long Run

peace peace peace peace peace
[Music]
peace mad
Liberator death
operator
Rock amazing
flavor yo the way I F sometime it's too
hard to sh still things are so
passionate times so real some time I try
to chill slow down blow a smoke smile on
my face but it's really no joke you feel
it in the street that people breathe
without hope they going through the
motion they diing down the focus the
focus get clear and the light turn sharp
and the eyes grow te the Mind grow weary
I

---

# Best of 2024. Max Cushion

show B born Lord uh yeah uh I don't give
a about the fult something is happen we
from the Bron New York things happen
kids clapping let us spark the place
have the cats in the squad got a scar on
they face it's cold world and this is
ice h a mill for the charm brother this
is life got the Phantom in front of the
building Trinity ass 10 years been legit
to still fig me bad now as a young was
too much to C with why you think the BX
nickname and cook should have been
called D robbery staring I maybe Grand
lony I didn't

---

# Best of 2024. Max Cushion

whether you want a bit of extra
plushness for your recovery run or you
want a bit more cushion for a long time
on feet there are situations where the
most important thing about a running
shoe is how comfortable it is for those
days I reach for my Max cushion shoes
and these are my favorites of 2024
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kzi and
I'm a non- elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys about my top
five favorite Max cushion shoes of 2024
but but before I give you my thoughts on
these shoes I do want to go over to some
disclosures the fifth shoe on this list
is a shoe that I purchased with my own
money the rest of the shoes were sent to
me by the manufacturers for the purpose
of review however regardless of how a
shoe gets on this list no one's paying
me to make this video or to put their
shoe on this list and no one's going to
get a chance to preview any of my
footage or my thoughts before you guys
get a chance to see this video on
YouTube so with that disclosure out of
the way let's talk about the best Max
cushion shoes of 2024 and in the number
five spot I'm putting in a shoe that
there might be other shoes that I
actually prefer running when it comes to
Max cushion shoes but I'm going to put
it in this five SWOT because of what it
represents and that shoe is from New
Balance it's the Fresh Foam X more
version 5 this shoe gets the number five
spot for me this year because it
represents the best of what's available
in what I would consider traditional Max
cushion this is a very tall stack height
shoe that is a bit on the kind of firm
side it's not as soft and cushioned as
it might appear but that all comes in
handy because it's still giving you a
good amount of stability there's a
really nice wide footprint on it there's
plenty of shoe for your foot to land on
and that wide footprint prevents the
shoe from kind of caving in one way or
the other and so it kind of provides a
little bit of stability to go with all
that foam that's underfoot to provide a
nice comfortable experience for a long
period on feet the updates to the more
for the version 5 this year I think make
it much more comfortable as a run walk
shoe or a shoe that you're just going to
be in for several hours if you're going
to be on your feet all day or running a
longdistance PR and even though this
shoe isn't my favorite style of Max
cushion shoes in 2024 I think it
deserves a spot on list cuz it is the
best of what 2024 had to offer in terms
terms of this classic Max cushioning now
in the number four spot we're going to
start to see some more modern
adaptations some more updated takes on
what Max cushion is and in the fourth
spot for me is a shoe from a brand that
hasn't really made it into a lot of my
top five lists previously but it's
making it this year with the infinite
Elite this shoe is from Under Armour and
it uses a foam that Under Armour isn't
telling us exactly what's in here but
it's a beaded foam that reminds me a lot
of either either older boost kind of
like remember the Pure Boost or Pure
Boost HD days or a little bit more
recently than that it kind of reminds me
of the foam that was in the Triumph 20
or 21 it kind of has that power run plus
feel not power R PB which is a pea based
uh beaded foam which is more racing
caliber but the power and plus which
kind of had a little bit more of a pace
versatility at the expense of that top
end speed and I think that's kind of a
lot of what we're getting with the Under
Armour infinite Elite that beaded foam
that's in here gives a good amount of
cushioning but a really nice amount of
responsiveness too and there's a lot of
comfortable plush padding in the upper
which is kind of a signature of a lot of
these Max cushion shoes is that they go
over the top in terms of padding so
there is a lot of heft to this shoe so
it's not exactly something that I'd want
to try and run very fast or very long in
but for those times where I want to have
a little bit of extra Comfort but still
want to have a little bit pep in there
kind of have a cake and get to eat it
too I feel like the under arour infinite
is a pretty solid Max cushion shoe and a
very promising entry from under arour in
the performance running market now let's
move to the number three spot and this
is a shoe that I think has basically
come back from the grave it's a shoe
that I thought was discontinued but now
we're seeing it resurrected as the Glide
ride Max now this is a shoe that was the
first shoe in the A6 lineup to give us a
pre review of what FF blast Max that's
one of the layers of foam that's on this
shoe and it does it in a pretty familiar
upper it's very Nimbus likee in the
upper here but the reason why I prefer
the Glide ride Max to the Nimbus and why
I think the Glide ride Max makes it into
the number three spot of the best Max
cushion shoes of the year is because of
the Foams that are in here you're
getting a really nice amount of Squish
that just feels so good if you've had a
hard session the day before but the shoe
also roll really well so if you do have
a little bit of a longer easy run that
you want to be a little extra
comfortable on I feel like the Glide
ride Max is going to be an easy decision
for me to pick up now moving into the
two spot is a shoe from puma and this
shoe is brand new for this year in 2024
and that is the mag Max this is a shoe
that is using Nitro Foams in a way that
I think is very unique and Innovative
compared to what I would normally think
about nitrogen injected Foams typically
I find that Nitro Foams can be a little
bit firm for daily training or recovery
running purposes but the way they've
tinkered with the formulas on these
Foams has made this shoe very soft but
also still very bouncy it is I think a
bit on the heavy side and there is a
very wide footprint for you to land on
here and so I think the width of the
shoe makes it a little bit harder to
Wrangle for if you wanted to pick up the
pace that combined with the weight makes
it not really fit in that long run sub
genre of the max cushion category but I
think it makes for an excellent modern
Max cushion shoe where you are getting a
really great amount of comfort it's a
pleasure to step into on a recovery run
day but it's got so much bounce that the
shoe is very eager to run for miles and
miles and miles so you don't really feel
that traditional penalty that you might
normally associate with Max cushion
shoes it's been a real pleasure to run
in this one and it I think it rounds out
what has been a fantastic year from top
to bottom from Puma now for the number
one spot is a shoe that I instantly fell
in love with the Brooks Glycerin Max
this shoe has a very tall stack height
of Brooks DNA tune foam which again is
another way that a brand has taken
nitrogen injected Foams and tinkered
with them in a way that you get some
softness and also peppiness at the same
time now the way that Brooks does it is
with two different densities of foam and
those two Foams work together really
nicely to again give you a really great
amount of comfort while also giving you
a little bit of Pep now I think that in
terms of the Comfort versus bounciness I
think that the Puma magmax kind of Balan
the two things really well so you get a
good amount of cushion and a good amount
of Pep I think with the glycerin Max
you're really amping up the cushion and
you're losing a little bit on the pep
but this is the max cushion category
after all and so I feel like in this
category I don't really penalize shoes
for being a little bit on the
unnecessarily heavy side a little bit on
the unnecessarily plush side because
this is a shoe that I want to be really
comfortable in and when it comes to
comfort for me the max amount of comfort
you can get in the max cushion category
for 2024 is from the glycerin Max and
because it's so different from the
traditional glycerin I'm really excited
that Brooks has found this kind of like
permission structure to really
experiment with Foams and deliver
experiences that are different than what
Brooks typically has to offer so I'm
very excited about what the future holds
for Brooks based on what the glycerin
Max is doing and so that's why it takes
the number one spot for me those are my
favorite Max cushion shoes for 2024 let
me know what you've been reaching for on
recovery run days or for those long slow
distance days put them in the comments
down below or better yet stop by the
live streams that I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run Club
Channel love to talk to you guys over
there in the chat that's all I for today
everybody thanks so much for making it
all the way to the end of this video
hopefully you guys are staying safe out
there on your runs and I will see you in
the next one yo what's going on
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]

---

# Half Marathon Houston - Runna Week 8

we are now in the thick of it for my
preparation for the half marathon at
Houston and after a week six some people
were a little bit concerned that this
run up plan just might break me but now
that two more weeks have passed let's
see how I'm holding up this is a runup
update at week 8
[Music]
yo what's going on kzi coming to you on
location from my backyard last time it
was cold and snowing and today it is
cold and snowing but in the interim a
lot has happened weatherwise you're
going to see that weather is a main
character for this 8 week update now
even though the six week update was just
last week and one week later you're
watching this through the magic of
editing I'm able to fit in 2 weeks of
training with the Runa app let's see how
it's been going starting with week s day
one Monday a
session Monday week s was a Tempo a
workout The Plan called for 2K over
unders 2K at 720 per mile then 2K at 625
per mile and then repeat that for a
total of three continuous sets the
tempts were really cold for this one 22°
f with an icy wind and I had a hard time
staying in range for the faster portion
of the first two sets I was in the adios
Pro 4 which is one of my favorite shoes
right now that I'm currently testing and
they were great for this range of paces
and for the last rep I was able to run
even faster than what was prescribed and
typically I try not to overdo it when it
comes to Paces on a training plan you
run the pace that prescribed so you get
the workout and strain that is intended
but since I didn't quite hit the mark
for the first two reps I felt like it
was okay to try and make it up a bit on
the last one and then for apparel I ran
in the two times U full tights which
aren't the warmest full tights that I
have but I have been loving them for
hard sessions they are very expensive
and I haven't had them for very long but
they are so worth it and have instantly
become one of my fa favorite full
[Music]
tights Tuesday was a little bit warmer
but still pretty cold for my easy 9 1 12
mile run I was wor testing another pair
of shoes that I can't show you and I'm
sorry about that but I promise that
there aren't too many more days like
this I ran one of my more usual Loops in
the area I start out by the police
station and then run over to the river
and the temps have gotten cold enough
that the water is starting to freeze
[Music]
over Wednesday was another session day
this workout was called a drop set two
reps each starting at 1K intervals then
800 M then 600 M then 400 and then 200 M
and as the Reps get shorter the paces
get faster I reached for the Evo one for
this workout as they are one of the
lightest and fastest shoes that I have
right now and they were at about 55 Mi
of total mileage before this workout and
you could see that there is some damage
on the left shoe I think that an energy
Rod is causing a bit of a cavity on the
bottom of the shoe and that's what's
creating this dimple but as far as I can
tell I don't have a broken rod
[Music]
now I don't have a ton of experience
running very fast intervals so my pacing
was a bit all over the place for this
one but on average I think I was right
where I was supposed to be except on the
200s I was way fast on the 200s it was a
tough workout but it didn't feel like it
was an exceedingly hard workout it felt
rigorous but
[Music]
manageable Thursday was a recovery run
5.5 m easy and it was cold 19° fhe and
windy made it feel downright Arctic by
this point in any training block my body
is starting to hurt kind of all over and
this Runa training plan is no different
I've been pretty not good about keeping
up with my usual pre-run Mobility
routine and I have been skipping pretty
much all of my strength and conditioning
and Mobility work that Runa has been
assigning so even though this run was
supposed to be a recovery run it
basically just felt a little bit
uncomfortable
back in week one when I set up my
training plan Runa gave me the option to
add in strengthened conditioning and
Mobility work and of course I said yes
to each of those things even though I
don't have the best track record of
keeping up with either one of those and
that's because for some reason I thought
this Runa training plan would be a
little on the easy side so I thought I'd
have plenty of time and plenty of energy
to get all this essenc and Mobility work
done that hasn't exactly been the case
for me fortunately run it has a feature
where if it notices you skipped or
missed a couple of strength and
conditioning sessions it lets you go
through and Autos skip all the things
that you missed so that way you don't
have to go through and individually
click that you're skipping those
sections and that's
convenient Friday was a long run 16 Mi
conversational Pace temps again were
pretty cold but I definitely overdressed
for this one I had a long sleeve a
jacket a neck gator and a winter cap on
and after a while I could feel my back
getting soaked from sweat so I took off
the jacket and put it into my pack I had
about a liter of scratch in there but I
didn't bring any food for some reason I
guess I figured it was an easy 16 so I
shouldn't have to need to eat as long as
I had enough fluids but I got pretty
hungry at about the halfway point when I
turned around I was testing the New
Balance 1080 version 14 for this run I
didn't feel like I needed to worry about
taking this shoe out for 16 miles on my
first run in them is I have loved every
1080 that I've ever run
[Music]
[Applause]
in but I didn't love version 14 it's not
bad it's just not an improvement over
version 13 in my opinion I think new
balance is taking the 1080 in a
different
way at one point during this run I just
felt really tired so I stopped and put
my jacket back on and I just stood there
to catch my breath for a moment it was
weird 16 Mi easy takes a long time but
they don't usually feel all that hard
but this felt like a lot for some reason
I guess this is what happens when you
train specifically for a half
marathon the weather got suddenly super
warm the next day like 25° warmer over a
24-hour period I think that's maybe a
13° CSUS swing and I ran in a long
sleeve and a thin vest just in case
there was an icy wind but I was
definitely overdressed I probably could
have run in just a t-shirt maybe some
gloves but overall it was a nice easy
six on a ball me
[Music]
day Sunday was an 11m easy run it was
51° or 10° C and compared to what things
have been like earlier in the week this
pretty much felt like
summer for this run I decided to drive
over to Al gin which is the next town
over and then I ran on the Prairie Trail
pretty much all the way back home now I
could have run this the other way around
and saved myself a bunch of driving but
by doing it this way it's uphill on the
way out and downhill on the way back and
I always will prefer to save the
downhill for the
[Music]
end now week 8 was a D Lo week and it
was my second D Lo week so far in this
program and the idea with these is that
it's kind of like a taper where you
reduce your mileage but maintain
intensity and that gives your body a
chance to absorb all the work that
you've been doing before you get back at
it the following week now at this point
in the program by week s going into week
eight my body is feeling pretty creaky
which is pretty normal for me and
anytime I enter into a training program
once I get to kind of like the higher
mileage and higher intensity weeks my
body really starts to feel it and so
getting up out of a chair takes a little
bit of extra groaning and moaning as
things are a bit stiff and every time I
wake up in the morning my feet always
really hurt for those first few steps of
the day so I thought for this D Lo week
I was going to make extra sure that I
was going to do all of the strength and
conditioning and more importantly the
mobility work for week
[Music]
week eight Monday is another session day
and this was short and fast 10 * 400 at
550 pace and then 10 * 200 at 530 I
reached for the Puma Nitro Elite 3 for
this workout the angle of attack on that
shoe works really well for when you want
to turn over quickly and I felt strong
on this one again it wasn't easy rather
it was pretty rigorous but it felt like
something I could handle temps were
quite warm again so I ran with the door
long sleeve which is one of the airiest
thinnest long sleeves I have and I felt
like this was a good pick for the day I
was even warm enough to take off my
gloves for a few of the 200 met reps and
I was glad that it was mild for this
session trying to do this last week when
it was colder would have been much more
difficult the day after a session like
that would normally be an easy run or a
complete rest day for most plans
especially on a d week which week eight
was supposed to be but instead I had
sessions 2 days in a row which made not
all that much sense to me now I've run
double threshold days before so I'm used
to working on tired legs but there's
something about big workouts on
consecutive days that still feels kind
of wrong well unless your body has the
resilience of a High School cross
country Runner I do not so this workout
was a fem time trial so after a short 1K
warm-up Runner had me trying to run 5
miles at 620 Pace the day after I had
run I bunch of 400s and a bunch of 200s
now I feel like this would be a big
session even on fresher legs so at the
outset I decided that if I could just
average 635 or 15 seconds slower than
goal Pace Runner would still consider
that within range but even that was hard
on my tired legs so early on in this
workout I tried not to worry about the
pace so much but instead I focused on
the things that I've been trying to
remind myself this entire block first is
that I can trust myself to keep pushing
and know that there will still be
something left to finish out the rep so
I don't have to back off and the other
thing that I've been trying to do is
relish the painful parts and of course I
don't mean that I've been running
through pain like injury pain but I mean
that I've been running through pain in
the sense that my muscles are yearning
for more oxygen and my blood is thirsty
for sugar that kind of pain being able
to persist in that moment means that
I've been working hard and that the plan
has been working and that a lot has gone
right in order for me to reach that
point in the work out where I am faced
with the decision of can I keep pushing
I want to relish that moment I want to
relish that decision and that entire
feeling and then also be able to say yes
I do want to keep going this pain point
is where all the good stuff happens and
I'm trying to relish staying in these
moments
overall though the average for the 5
miles was 643 which was slower than what
Runa wanted even slower than I thought I
would be able to hit on the day but
overall I was happy I was able to
survive these last two days which were a
gigantic stimulus that I know is going
to pay dividends
[Music]
later Wednesday I finally got my day day
off and for the first time in a long
time I enjoyed a planned rest day but
Thursday was an easy 8.5 mile run and a
legs and core super set it was super
cold that day 12° f or11 c and I put on
my warmest running jacket which is
actually from a snowboarding apparel
company the Fox River which is that body
of water that I run by frequently is
starting to freeze over pretty hard now
and that's weird because it doesn't feel
like it was all that long ago that this
spot was full of jet skis and pontoon
[Music]
boats that evening I took my daughter to
rock climbing practice and used that
time to get in my strength work first
there were these squats that you do on
your toes then there were these toe
touches that look easy but quickly
reminded me how much I've been
neglecting core work over the past
several years then there were these fire
hydrants which felt pretty nice for my
hip followed by Hew walks that I think I
must be doing wrong because they don't
feel like they're doing anything for me
and then I went through all these
exercises a second time now at this
point the workout shifted over to the
hip thrust machine the workout called
for two sets of the following single leg
hip thrust which I definitely felt in my
glutes and then after that were these
lunge presses there was a lot of reps in
each set so I picked up the lightest
kettle bell I could find but even that
started to feel pretty heavy by the end
of the set and then after that were some
planks which again I never do any core
work and so these were ridiculously
[Music]
hard it was about 14° Fahrenheit on that
Friday or about -10° C and as cold as
that is I've definitely been
overdressing for my run so far the past
couple weeks so today I had a very thick
long sleeve and a vest the long sleeve
has a built-in Bala clava in it and
while it makes me look pretty goofy it
is definitely warm for my head and face
but it took a while for my upper body to
warm up though and that's the tricky
part about winter running you're either
comfortable at the beginning and Soggy
and Cold by the end from sweating too
much or you're cold at the beginning and
then just a bit less soggy at the end of
the run there never seems to be a
perfect level of layering for winter
running now Marine Hills is one of my
favorite places to run in the area I run
here A bunch of times but the only
downsides are that there's a couple of
very hilly parts and at times it can get
pretty windy and also there are Gates
that keep the part locked up until 8:00
a.m. so it's hard to get an early start
for your long runs here but otherwise
it's pretty much a perfect 8 and a half
mile
[Music]
Loop Saturday was another rest day and
schedule wise this worked out one of my
daughters had a cheerleading competition
that day so we spent most of the day
sitting in bleachers and by the end of
it I was really in Need for some
Mobility work and Runa had a yoga
session planned for me now I was
initially a bit reluctant to film this
because we're still working on building
out a little home gym in the basement
but it's not done yet and the basement
itself is unfinished and so I was
worried that it might look a little bit
unimpressive but then I noticed that the
yoga session that had been scheduled for
me that day was filmed in what appeared
to be a basement or I guess since Runa
is a British app this would be called a
dungeon so if a dungeon was good enough
for a runner my unfinished basement is
good enough for this video now I love
the idea of yoga but I don't love actual
yoga it did get me loosened up pretty
nicely though and I felt good overall
afterwards and then Sunday was supposed
to be an easy 7.5m run but I had to do
this after driving for a few hours in
some difficult conditions we were
actually supposed to drive to Grandma's
house in Iowa after the cheerleading
competition the day prior but ice storms
kept us at home overnight temps had
risen quite a bit though so roads were
clear but now things were very foggy
Sunday was supposed to be a Christmas
cookie baking day at Grandma's house
with all the cousins so while the
children baked with Grandma I went out
for my run the paved roads were all very
clear but portions of the dirt road were
a bit crunchy and some of the less
travel Bridges were completely covered
in ice the cows all seem to be enjoying
the foggy morning though and the quick
rise in temps this week must have made
conditions favorable for spreading
fertilizer and I will admit that seeing
the farmers spreading literal poop into
the air made me feel a bit less bad
about the emergency pit stop I had to
make earlier in the Run
can I stay for a while cuz I don't know
any
better I should say something clever but
can't think
[Music]
whatsoever I was also supposed to do a
strength session that day but we had to
drive back home that same day from
Grandma's house so the kids could go to
school one last week before the holiday
break so while I wanted to do every
single session this week weather
conditions left me with about 7 hours of
Total driving on Sunday and little time
left for
[Music]
strength and I don't care about the
consequences I think you know that
too so that's it for week eight of my
training plan for the half marathon at
Houston I'm feeling good feeling
confident most of the time time and I'm
really thankful that there's been a
reduction in my work travel so that I
have the time and energy to get in some
of these accessory sessions that I've
normally been either just too tired or
too busy to do stay tuned now for week
10 update that'll come in the beginning
of 2025 that gets us really close to
taper time for Houston so at that point
in the week 10 update we'll talk about
what Runner thinks that I'm going to be
able to run for Houston what I think I'm
going to able to run for Houston and
what the race PL going to be if you want
to try run out for yourself use code
kofuzi for two free weeks I don't get
paid any extra whether you use the code
or not but it's there if you want
it slow it down take it easy I just keep
staring at my phone

---

# Best of 2024. Long Run

there is a new category of running shoe
that goes jumbo with the Foams but stays
minimal with weight they use racing
materials in their midsoles and they
don't always have a carbon fiber plate
these are the shoes that look like
they're Max cushion shoes but they run
like they could be your next marathon
racer these are my top five long run
shoes of 2024
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm a non- elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk about the best long run
shoes of 2024 now this is a new category
that I've created and I think it might
cause a little bit of confusion so let's
start off by kind of setting it straight
as to why I made this new category of
long run shoe I've been seeing a kind of
division happening within the max
cushion category there's kind of the old
school max cushion that's super cushion
super relaxed and usually super heavy
and plush that's used for Recovery runs
and then there's been this new
generation of Max cushion shoes that
don't just want to go slow and I find
that they are best for those marathon
training session long runs that have a
little bit of pace Variety in there that
could go faster than just your easy run
or your recovery run pace and enjoy
running up to Marathon effort these are
the shoes that I've been reaching for
whenever I have a long run and I put
them into their own category but before
I give you my list on my favorites in
this new category I do want to go over
some disclosures no one is paying me to
make this video or to include their shoe
on this list and no one's going to get a
chance to preview any of my footage or
my thoughts before you guys get a chance
to see this video on YouTube so with
that disclosure out of the way let's
talk about the top long run shoes and
let's start with number five starting us
off on this list is a new entrant from
Muno and this is the Neo Vista this shoe
combines a very comfortable knit upper
with a brand new foam mizuno's enery NXT
it's a shoe that is kind of like a super
critical foam Muno wouldn't tell me
exactly what it is but Muno says that
it's better than super critical Eva
foams it's a very squishy foam with a
lot of movement to it compression and a
soft decompression and it's paired with
a Muno wave plate which is a glass fiber
reinforced plastic plate all these
things put together create a shoe that I
didn't love for easy and Recovery Paces
but when you pick up the pace a little
bit and really get rolling the amount of
compression and decompression works well
for those days where you need to bark a
little bit faster than easy but because
because of the fact that it disagrees
with me so much on those easy and
Recovery Paces that's why it only barely
cracks the list at number five now
moving into the number four spot is
another new shoe from a brand and that
is the New Balance BOS now this is a
shoe that uses Fresh Foam X but not just
any fresh foam X this Fresh Foam X
actually has a bit of peba mixed into
the blend and it reminded me a lot of
the 1080 version 13 which I Absol loved
but taken kind of like to the next level
and there's more of that fun bounciness
that the 1080 version 13 had and while
it is a little bit on the heavy side and
not necessarily something I would race
in also there's no carbon fiber plate in
here it's just a lot of fun to take for
those efforts where you're going to pick
up the pace a little bit maybe you got
an uptempo run or a marathon training
run on Deck the Ballance is going to be
really fun now I did have some problems
running in this shoe personally I've got
a weird thing with my foot every once in
a while while a shoe just tends to
aggravate it and the Ballance was
unfortunately one of those shoes for me
but for the amount of time that I was
able to run painfree in this shoe it is
delightful and it's a shoe that I've
been trying to really recommend even
though I've had a hard time running in
it it's a shoe that I've been really
trying to recommend to a lot of Runners
looking for exactly this type of shoe
because the sensation it gives is so
much fun moving into number three is a
brand that I always feel like is a
little bit overlooked because it is a
smaller brand and a lot of the shoes
don't get the same hype that some of the
bigger Global Brands can bring but at
number four I want to talk to you guys
about the toppo Spectre 2 now this is a
shoe that uses an all Beed pabx mid
sooam it's got it right on the side of
the midsole here and it doesn't have a
carbon fiber plate so it's not
technically a marathon racer but it's
designed for Marathon road runners and
this is a fantastic shoe for anything
from Easy runs all the way up to those
longer runs with Marathon on E for miles
in them the beaded PE foam Works in here
really well there's a wide foot-shaped
toe box in here and a 5 mm drop all
things that I think set up very nicely
for a shoe that you're going to be in
for several hours at a time and also
wanting to run fast now for the number
two spot for me is a shoe that I think
is going to be a number one spot for a
lot of you out there because so many of
you have been able to run well in it and
that's from New Balance that's the SC
Trainer version three they've got an
updated version of fuel cell in this
shoe which is their racing caliber foam
and this is the only shoe in this
category that has a carbon fiber plate I
feel like this shoe is designed a little
bit more for heel Strikers and so I
think that's why I don't always get
along with it as well as some of my
other friends do but I also know that
this is shoe that even I can take for
long runs especially if there's some
Pace pickups in there and I know for a
lot of people for whom like the regular
carbon fiber races are maybe a little
bit too aggressive the SC Trainer series
from version one all the way through
version three has been a perennial
favorite and is usually one of the first
shoes that I recommend for those people
who want something a little bit
different than the normal carbon plated
racer for their Marathon shoe and that
brings me to my number one shoe and this
is the shoe that in my mind pretty much
created the category because it is so
big but also because it is so light
because it is so comfortable but because
it can also move so quickly and that's
the A6 super Blast 2 it's got a big
helping of FF turbo plus the newest
version of A6 racing super foam and it's
got a layer of FF blast Plus on the
bottom to help it stabilize without the
use of a plate this is a shoe that I
know a lot of you guys are using as a
regular Max cushion shoe using it for
your easy runs and your recovery run
days but me personally I love it for
those long runs that are going to take
two to three hours or more and I'm going
to have to do a little bit of work Pace
wise within that long run those the
exact type of situations where I'm
reaching for the super Blast 2 so those
are my favorite shoes to reach for when
I've got a long run a tough long run on
the calendar let me know what you've
been logging your biggest longest runs
in I'd love to hear about it in the
comments down below or better yet stop
by the live stream that I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run Club
Channel I'd love to talk to you guys
over there in the chat that's all for
today everybody thanks so much for
making it all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I will
see you in the next one yo what's going
on
[Music]

---

# Best of 2024. Tempo

the de the chef you Ghost Face
Killer t h o d man m t h o d man m t h o
d man hey you get off my CL you don't
know me and you don't know my sty who be
getting when they come to a dam here I
am here I am the M man patty patty the
man don't need skip be for be the about
I'm not but in fact I snap back like a r
i be Sam Sam I am and I don't eat green
eggs and
ham be like oh that's the jam turn
it up now me get I'm about to blow like
me up up shot down sh inside and out
shot hitting you from every angle
there's no doubt

---

# Best of 2024. Tempo

whether you want to call these speedwork
shoes Tempo trainers or training
companions these are my top five of
[Music]
2024 yo what's going on my name is fuzi
and I'm anly running reviews running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to go over my top five Tempo shoes for
2024 now this is a category that kind of
has a lot of names and also kind of has
a lot of definitions but what I want to
talk about here are those shoes that
kind of fit somewhere in between the
daily trainers and your Racing shoes
they are built with the durability for
daily training but they also have
features that make them really fun for
some really tough workouts and for some
of you these actually might be the best
category of shoes for to look at to pick
out your next marathon shoe but before
we get into that list let's go over some
disclosures nobody is paying me to make
this video or to include their shoe on
this list and no one's going to get a
chance to preview any of my footage or
my thoughts before you guys get a chance
to see this video on YouTube so with
that disclosure out of the way let's
talk about my top five speedwork shoes
and let's start with number five this
Five Spot was actually pretty tough for
me to fill there was a lot of shoes that
could have gone here but ultimately I
landed on the Hoka Mack X2 now this is a
shoe that I didn't personally love but
I'm putting it in the five spot because
of the fact that so many of you guys
have been running really well in this
shoe and you're using it exactly like
how I think a Tempo trainer should be
used some of you are using it for your
daily training some of you are racing
marathons in it and a lot of you guys
are using it for those days where you
need to pick up the pace there is a nice
combination of Foams in this shoe that
does make it really suitable for for
those faster workouts and it has
something a little bit extra than what
you would find in a regular daily
training shoe and so even though it
doesn't completely line up with my
preferences for a Tempo trainer because
it has been so popular with you guys I'm
making the People's Choice my number
five spot shoe for
2024 now moving to number four is a
brand that a lot of you guys haven't
heard of unless you're super into
swimming or Triathlon and that's a shoe
coming from tier now they are new to the
performance running space and they came
out with a bang in 2024 releasing this
shoe the valkyrie speedworks and also a
racing version of it the valkyrie Elite
I particularly enjoy the valkyrie
speedwork because it has a beaded pea
foam and a nylon plate I feel like
they've done an excellent job with the
fit of this shoe while also still giving
it materials that are going to be able
to withstand a bunch of workouts for
runners who really love the Endorphin
Speed 3 I feel like this is a shoe that
you're also absolutely going to love and
that you definitely should try I've been
enjoying this shoe to wear casually for
daily training and also for workouts as
well and it's got my number four spot in
the speedwork category in 20124 now for
number three is a shoe that kind of
breaks the mold a little bit in terms of
the definition but it's a shoe that I
definitely reach for for very tough and
especially very fast workouts and that
is the Tumi scent and the reason why
this Adidas shoe doesn't really fit in
the speedwork category shoe is because I
don't really see anyone using this shoe
as a daily trainer so it doesn't have
that double duty rather this is a 5K 10K
racing shoe and it's very low To The
Ground by 2024 standard but it has a
healthy dose of Adidas's Light Strike
probe their racing foam and it's got
energy rods in there as well to give it
a little bit of extra rigidity so you
can reach for it for those 5K races or
for those 00 M repeats or threshold mile
repeats that you might have on your
calendar it's just so much fun to do
workouts in and so much fun to race in
that it's a shoe that I perennially just
absolutely love and struggle to find the
right category to put it in because I
guess for me being Road Marathon focused
a 5k 10K racing shoe kind of is out of
place but that doesn't mean that I don't
absolutely love the tkumi in its 10th
iteration this year it comes in at
number three in the training companion
category now let's go to number two and
if you've been watching all my videos
throughout the year this might be a
surprise that it's Fallen to the number
two spot but the two spot goes to socony
and that's the Endorphin speed 4 this is
a shoe that I've absolutely been loving
and when I first reviewed it I thought
that it had shoe of the Year
capabilities because I absolutely love
what they're doing with the power run PB
their beaded peu foam and the nylon
plate in the shoe they've created a shoe
that is lightweight really great and
comfortable for easy training but also a
lot of fun for the peier stuff as well
so if you got some threshold repeats or
a tempo run where you got long reps
where you're running anywhere around
Marathon effort or maybe just a little
bit off of that this shoe is really fun
to bring along for you I also think it
looks great and is very comfortable for
casual wear the shoe can pretty much do
it all and that's why this year it comes
in at the number two two spot but
because it comes into the new number two
spot the number one spot has to be a
really great shoe and I do think it
really is the Puma DV8 Nitro 3 not to be
confused with the Nitro Elite 3 the DV8
Nitro 3 is the top shoe in this category
for me this year and it was the top shoe
in the category last year as well and
they really didn't Tinker too much with
an already good thing they're using two
kinds of nitro Foams in the shoe one of
those Foams being a nitrogen injected
peo foam that is race caliber and it's
got a carbon fiber plate in here and the
combinations of foam and plate give this
shoe the ability to go easy but also to
go fast really well now if I were to
compare the Endorphin speed 4 and the
devi8 Nitro 3 together I'd say the
Endorphin speed 4 does daily training a
little bit better but I think that the
DV8 Nitro does work outs a lot better
it's really fun to do fast workouts in
and I think for a lot of people who
might think that traditional carbon
plated Racers might be a little bit too
aggressive for them and not exactly
suiting what they're looking for in
their Marathon Racing shoes and their
half marathon Racing shoes I have been
recommending the DVA Nitro 3 as the next
shoe that they should look at because I
think it has all those great quickness
capabilities but also has some comfort
features and durability features built
into it as well I think it really
exemplifies the characteristics that I'm
looking for in a training companion or
speed workk type of shoe and it's just
absolutely delightful to run in whatever
the Run might be and that's why the DV8
Nitro 3 takes the top spot as Tempo
trainer of the year so those are my five
speedwork shoes that I've been loving
doing workouts in let me know what
you've been doing your tough and fast
workouts in put them in the comments
down below or better yet stop by the
live streams I do Mondays and Thursdays
over on the kofuzi Run Club Channel love
to talk to you guys over there in the
chat that's all for today everybody
thanks so much for making all the way to
the end of this video hopefully you guys
are staying safe out there on your runs
and I will see you in the next one yo
what's going on
[Music]

---

# Half Marathon Houston Training - Runna Week 6

at age 45 I've been starting to think
that my PR days are behind me but I'm
now six weeks into my latest training
block getting ready for the half
marathon at Houston let's talk about how
things are
[Music]
going yo what's going on kofuzi here
coming to you on location from my
backyard starting a new series here and
I thought we'd do something a little bit
different get away from the basement and
my two different sets that I have down
there so I thought I'd do this outside
it is very cold getting colder and it
just started snowing so this may be a
really bad idea but first things first I
think I should clarify that the event
that I am training for is at the Houston
Marathon in January there's also a half
marathon that gets run at the same time
so that's the event that I am running
and this is an event that I ran before
I've actually run both the full and the
half ran the full in 2020 and then I ran
the half last year for a little bit of a
PB
1257 it was a long overdue to update
that PB but I was happy to notch that uh
but I did it in an annoying time CU it's
a
1257 had I run 8 seconds faster I would
be A4 guy and that sounds just so much
faster than 125 I normally don't get to
bothered with what my PBS are and
managing little seconds like that but
when it's that close it ends up being
something that I've been thinking about
for the entire year now for that last
build I was pretty much self-coached and
doing kind of the normal things that I
normally do for a marathon uh because I
don't really know how to trade myself
for a half marathon I did have a Little
Help from Sage giving me some pointers
on some workouts ahead of that half and
that was really helpful but this time I
thought I would try using using the Runa
app they are the sponsor for this series
so let's take a look at what the
training has been like so far and let's
start with week
five Mondays and Wednesdays are usually
session days but week five was the week
I would be in Austin for the running
event so I rearranged my training in the
app so that I could have a rest day that
coincided with my travel day and then
Tuesday was an easy run and I was going
to be running with Tommy runs that
morning but to hit my mileage goal for
the day I needed to tack on a few miles
beforehand so I had to get up even
earlier and run in the dark but the
miles went quickly the sunrise was
gorgeous and then I was able to meet up
with Tommy now Tommy normally runs his
easy runs faster than I do but this was
his first run since running the New York
Marathon a couple weeks prior so that
was a bit of an equalizer and we had a
fantastic run that morning
[Music]
the next day Wednesday was a session day
and it was a pretty big one at that 10 *
800 with just 90 seconds of recovery
this is basically a yaso 800 a workout
that I typically do at the end of a
marathon training block when I'm super
fit so I was a bit intimidated to find
it here in the middle of a half marathon
cycle just to up my things and go just
to be free just want to Zone just to
flow just to hang with the G sometime
chill my the good news was that I was
able to run in a secret prototype racing
shoe from one of the shoe brands I was
in town for the running event the bad
news is that I can't show it to you or
tell you about it but I can say I think
that the shoe was really good and I
averaged 3 minutes per 800 M repetition
which means that the last 5 weeks of ARA
has put me in the equivalent of 3-hour
marathon Fitness and with how much I
been struggling with running and work
travel over the last year I really never
thought I'd be able to say I was near
sub3 Marathon Fitness
[Music]
again you know when
the Thursday was supposed to be an easy
5 1 half miles but at the last minute I
was invited to help promote the A6
torches Taco run so I went to that event
with Drew whitcom and it was a really
good turnout a lot of friends were there
but the Run was a bit short in terms of
what I needed for the day at about 3
miles so I thought about adding a couple
miles to fulfill my quota but the
running event is always exhausting so I
left good enough alone and then on
Friday I was supposed to run an easy 6
but this would end up being the first
running session that I skipped with this
Runa training block the night before was
the running event after party which is
typically a very fun but very long night
Saturday I was back at home and back at
it with an 11 Mile easy run and I feel
like I still had no voice after being at
TR all week and I felt like I was on the
verge of coming down with something but
at least my legs felt good and I enjoyed
the
run and then on Sunday to wind up the
week I had my long run workout now this
was supposed to be a race simulator
based on the paces that Runa thinks that
I can race a half marathon at right now
and yaso 800s decides Runa thinks that I
am in 640 per mile half marathon
shape here we
go once
again one thing to keep in mind is that
Runa started over in UK and Europe so I
think the training plans are written in
kilometers and then converted over to
miles so a lot of times warm-ups will be
6 or 1.2 M long or 1 to2 km and today's
workout was 3.7 M or 6K at 640 per mile
and then 3.1 M or 5K at 640 per mile and
then there was an easy 2.5 miles or 4K
each for warmup recovery and cool down
for total of about 14 Mi I was expecting
to struggle and it was certainly hard
but I was able to hit the paces for
these longer intervals I've been really
focusing on keeping my foot on the gas
even when I start to feel tired or
panicked and I've been trying to remind
myself that I can keep holding on to the
effort and the pace and just trust that
I will still have more left in the tank
to finish out the rest of the rep in a
way it's been a leap of
faith so when I finish this run with the
work intervals at faster than G
and after the successful yaso 800s
earlier in the week I was starting to
believe that this run app was actually
getting me into a level of really good
[Music]
Fitness better check
[Music]
for better Che the next week was the
week of Thanksgiving and because of how
I rearranged last week I had to do a
little bit of of rearranging for this
week also I wanted to do a Turkey Trot
with my daughter so that had to factor
into the rescheduling as well so Monday
which is normally a session day was just
an easy 7 miles and I can't show you any
footage of my shoes on this day either
because I am we're testing a different
pair of shoes and there's an NDA I don't
normally like to running shoes that
aren't at least almost nearly production
already I'm only one person on this
channel and I can only run so many miles
in a year so I like to kind of save my
miles for shoes that I'm actually going
to review so I don't know why I agreed
to do this wear
[Music]
testing Tuesday we were at my in-laws in
Iowa for Thanksgiving and the workout
was
k200 run a kilometer at 610 per mile and
then tack on an additional 200 at 530
per mile so basically it was a 1200 met
repeats with a fast and then even faster
Pace in there the rest was just 90
seconds and then repeat for a total of
eight reps this workout was really tough
I brought the on cloud broom strike
light spray as I enjoy that shoe for
very fast work but even those shoes
couldn't help me hit these Paces I would
consider 610 for mile to be in between
5K and 10K pace for me right now and
then having to speed up after a
kilometer of that into a 200 M rep at
essentially mile race space was so hard
and so just when I thought I was getting
the hang of the Runa system it felt like
the rug was getting pulled out from
under me
[Music]
again now back when I started this runup
plan it led me select which race I Was
preparing for it asked me what my level
of experience was I don't consider
myself Elite but it's what I chose based
on Rena's definitions and it asked me
for a recent race result I just run
Berlin Marathon about a month prior it
asked me how many days per week I like
to run every day please and it asked me
what my long runs were like right now
and from there it gave me a 13we
training plan it was 13 weeks until the
half marathon at Houston at the time and
from day one the runup workouts have
been very
tough even the first day of the plan
week one day one was humbling it was a
long Tempo with paces that didn't seem
all that intimidating on paper but I
felt like I had to give a race level
allout effort on that day and I still
didn't hit the paces and it didn't get
easier
[Music]
[Music]
So eventually at week four Runa did make
an adjustment I Got a notification in
the app and after accepting the request
for changes it adjusted all my session
paces and and once it did that
everything was suddenly much more
manageable so much so that I thought
that maybe the app had
overcorrected but that K2 200's workout
definitely put me back in my place this
run app was not going to cuddle
[Music]
me Wednesday was an easy run in the more
version 5 I had been so looking forward
to running in a big mushy maxion shoe
after the K2 200s but the more version 5
didn't exactly deliver on what I was
hoping for now it was exceptionally cold
on that day so I tried to keep that in
mind as I was collecting my thoughts on
this shoe but this run wasn't as recover
full as I was hoping it would have
[Music]
been now Thursday was supposed to be an
interval session but it was also
Thanksgiving morning there was a Turkey
Trot somewhat nearby that my daughter
wanted to try the event is a very hilly
2 and 1/2 Mile Loop and my daughter
decided she would race the one laap Loop
while I raced the two they gave out
turkeys as a prize to the winner of each
age group and based on prior year
results it looked like my daughter and I
each had a very small but nonzero chance
of winning the tempts were super cold it
was the coldest my daughter has ever run
in and we lined up a little bit off the
starting line as there were a lot of
young fast Runners at this event my goal
was to make sure that she got out of the
shoot safely before I took off but after
about half a mile I could still hear my
daughter Breathing heavily behind me at
about 610 pace and this was a bit too
fast for each of us so I told her to
slow down right as we took the first
giant downhill now I have really no idea
how to Pace a 5m race and I especially
don't know how to Pace a 5m race with
this kind of elevation change in it but
I just went with the flow and it ended
up with a 6-minute first mile the Second
Mile was all uphill but at least it was
gradual and then we hit the really big
hill it was over a 100 ft of gain in
about a third of a mile and I heavily
debated power hiking my arms were numb
Frozen and burning at the same time then
we finally hit the crest and roll down
to the starting line to end lap one and
for the second lap I was now able to see
who who I was actually racing against
there were a couple of guys around me my
age and mostly children and I took the
big downhill a bit easier this time then
on the uphill Second Mile I pushed a bit
harder than I did the first time and on
the last giant uphill I saw a guy about
my age and started to track him down I
managed to pass him as we crested the
top and yelled at him to come with me to
the Finish but he wasn't able to keep up
and I crossed the line
[Music]
instantly I felt like I had paced myself
incorrectly because I was tired at the
Finish but not race tired does that make
sense and then when I found my daughter
we looked up the results she had come in
third in her age group and I came in
second there was another guy a guy I
didn't see who finished about 30 seconds
ahead of me but even though we didn't
win any turkey we had fun some people
even recognized me at the event which is
not something I typically experience
when I go to Iowa but no one asked me if
I could run fast in my shoes so that was
a
bummer Friday my father-in-law needed to
bring his truck into Uncle David who is
a mechanic a couple Towns over it was
super cold so I offered to take the
truck in for my father-in-law and I went
for a run while I waited for the truck
to get serviced it was a nice easy run
but it was so cold
I've technically run in colder
conditions before but I didn't pack
clothes for this level of cold it was
16° F with a feels likee temp of zero
that's about -7° C my face
froze conditions would not improve much
for the following day in fact it was
pretty much the same except now it was
windy and also I had to do a workout
today's long run was 7 1/2 M easy and
then 7 1/2 M at 720 Pace my face got so
cold running into the headwind that I
decided to break up the easy and start
the work portion of the long run early
into the headwind for a bit before I
turned
[Music]
around this was one of those runs where
I worry that my Apple watch is going to
die from the cold and it did and I
wouldn't have a way to call my wife to
come pick me up if I needed to help but
fortunately running a couple miles hard
into the headwind warmed me up a little
and then I was able to turn around and
warm up a little bit more the wind
wasn't biting at my face anymore and I
was able to finish the workout again the
paces didn't seem all that intimidating
on paper but this workout was hard but
at least today I was able to hit the
paces the next morning we were back in
Illinois and and the tempts weren't much
different I had 12 easy miles to run so
I headed over to busy Woods each Loop of
the park is a bit more than 7 m so I ran
about 1 and 1/2
laps busy Woods is typically a very
windy place even on days when it's not
even windy but luckily today this was
one of those rare days when the winds
weren't all that bad
[Music]
so that brings us up to date on the last
six weeks with the Runa app I really
didn't think that this training plan
would be so difficult I don't know why
but I just thought that it would be
easier yet despite all the challenges
that this training plan has thrown my
way I've been able to so far stay
healthy and I feel like I'm getting
really fit hit the Subscribe button so
you can get updates for the next
installment of this series at after week
eight where I'm going to talk about
strength training Mobility work and
dload weeks and if you want to try
runner for yourself you can use the code
kofuzi in the app I don't get paid any
extra if you do or don't but it's there
if you want it
[Music]

---

# Best of 2024. Racing.

[Music]
[Applause]
yes the B that we bail can I be broke in
these are family Tes it's ride to the
whs fall off the road and reconnect in
the sky the blood that we shed and now
we cry keeping with us till we die we
had a hell of a ride but now it's time
for goodbye a
[Music]

---

# Best Marathon Racing Shoes of 2024

let's continue our look back at the best
in running for the year these are my top
five Marathon Racing shoes of 20124
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm a non- elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys about my
favorite Marathon erasing shoes of 2024
but before I go into this list I do want
to go over some disclosures no one's
paying me to make this video or to
include their shoe on this list and no
one's going to get a chance to preview
any of my footage thoughts before you
guys get a chance to see this video on
YouTube so with that disclosure out of
the way let's talk about the top five
carbon plated Racers of 2024 and let's
start with number five the Five Spot was
difficult there was a lot of shoes that
I maybe could have put into this slot
but based on the things that I
personally love to see in carbon plated
Racing shoes the shoe that I'm putting
in this Five Spot is from Hoka and
that's the C X1 now a lot of people kind
of discounted this shoe cuz it was a
little bit on the big side a little bit
on the heavy side but the things that I
saw in this shoe that I really enjoy are
the fact that it's a pea based midsole
foam from Hoka but also they put a
gigantic amount of foam in the for foot
and they also put a lateral side cutout
to make it easier to bend the carbon
fiber plate that's in this shoe all
those things put together resulted in
something that felt really good when
you're landing on that 4 foot and
crushing that foam and then having it
bounce back with the aid of that carbon
fiber plate so it it's a really fun and
springy experience that I got anytime I
took this shoe either for a long run
with some Marathon effort miles in it
threshold repeats or for anything that
might be even a little bit faster than
that I enjoyed it for all of those
things yes the weight definitely is an
issue and it would be much higher on the
list if they could make that foam
compress and decompress a little bit
more dynamically and if they could shed
a little bit of weight but as it is the
Hoka cell X1 comes in at number five
that means at the number four spot is
another shoe that kind of looks a little
bit unusual and has a large amount of
foam in the for foot that's going to be
a a theme that we're going to see
throughout this list and number four for
me is from Puma it's the fast R2 in this
year's version of The Fast R they went
to an aliphatic TPU foam which is
something that I don't think I had
experienced prior to this year and I'm
glad that Puma is using it in the way
that they are you're getting a great
amount of cushion and compress ression
in that foam and then it also snaps back
really Lively but it's also durable kind
of in two ways one it's durable in the
sense that we all think about durability
it'll last a lot of miles I have well
over 100 miles in this shoe and it still
feels really fresh but it's also durable
with in one long run as well so that
sense that like the foam is fading as
you get deeper and deeper into a long
run uh that doesn't happen as quickly
with the aliphatic TPU it feels just as
Snappy at the end of a race as it does
at the beginning of a race and it's just
been really fun to put in fast efforts
in this shoe and another big element of
that is this exposed carbon fiber plate
which is very rigid and I just have such
a great time bouncing off of the front
end of the shoe if it were a little bit
lighter it would be a lot higher on the
list but because of the weight which is
really the only thing that holds it back
in my mind this shoe comes in at number
four now moving into the three spot is
is a shoe that has been making the
headlines all year long and that is the
alphafly 3 this shoe not only has the
men's World Marathon record but it now
has the Women's World Marathon record as
well so elast have been able to run in
this really quickly and I feel like a
lot of non Elites have been also able to
run well in the shoe the zumex that's in
the shoe feels like older original zoomx
or closer to it and I think that's part
of why this shoe ends up being so light
the only downside that I feel from this
shoe and I guess there's two one is that
I feel like the airpods moved in version
3 a little bit more towards the center
of the foot and for me in my footstrike
it just feels like I'm kind of missing
or Landing over or past the airpod so
I'm not getting the full benefit of
stomping on those airpods and then
bouncing back as they decompress and the
other thing is the way that the carbon
fiber plate and the zoom airpods
interact at least for me and my non-
Elite foot strike it feels a little bit
kind of rickety it feels like I'm
running across like a plywood floor in a
boxing ring and so there's a little bit
of a uneasiness when I'm running in it
it doesn't stop me from being able to
run really fast and have a lot of fun
when I'm running in the shoe but it is
something that I've noticed and it
doesn't quite feel as smooth as some
other shoes on this list but all those
little complaints aside it is a shoe
that a lot of people have been able to
run really well in and this year it
takes the number three spot moving into
the number two spot is a shoe that is
pretty much always on my list ever since
the shoe first hit the market market and
that's from as6 and it's the meta speed
Sky Paris this year the big change for
the metas speed is that the foam went
from FF turbo to FF turbo plus which
really means that it went from a nylon
based foam to a pea based foam and the
big thing that I've noticed is that the
foam is a lot softer so when you are
landing on the forefoot of this shoe you
feel like you're really compressing a
lot of that foam and it's coming back in
a nice and pleasant way I will say that
I think that it's a little bit on the
mushy side not to say that it's a mushy
shoe but compared to the bounceback that
I would get that was very quick and
springy from last year's version I feel
like The Meta speed Sky Paris is a
little bit less springy than I would
like I love the compression I just wish
it would decompress just a with a little
bit more energy return but those little
critiques aside that hasn't stopped me
from reaching for this shoe over and
over again in fact I think that of all
the shoes that I've reviewed in 2024 the
most miles I put on any one shoe is with
the meta speed Sky Paris cuz I could
keep reaching for it again and again
whenever I have those really tough
workouts that's because I like the plate
position in this shoe I really like the
foam that they're using in the shoe and
I love how lightweight it is it's one of
the lightest shoes on the market today
now moving into number one spot is
another shoe from Puma Puma is having a
fantastic year this year and this is the
Nitro Elite 3 again this is using that
aliphatic TPU foam that I loved in the
fast R2 but they're doing it in a very
lightweight package this is also one of
the lightest Marathon Racing shoes on
the market and they've paired it with a
very lightweight and minimal racing
upper that is very comfortable to wear
this like The Meta speed Sky Paris is a
shoe that I've been reaching for for
those biggest workouts that always give
me a little bit of stress as I'm looking
at them on the calendar and the Nitro
l83 have been able to help me hit those
Paces in those really tough workouts now
the geometry of the Nitro Elite 3 is
very different than the geometry of the
meta speed Sky Paris the Nitro Elite 3
seems to be designed for the kind of
Runner who has a really quick turnover
and that's normally not how I would
describe myself but the shoe still works
for me in a really Pleasant and Powerful
way and that makes me think that this is
a shoe that I could recommend to a wide
range of Runners and I think it will
likely work for them and because it's so
light because it's so much fun to run in
and because I think that it can work for
a lot of different kinds of Runners
that's why the Nitro Elite 3 takes my
top spot as best Marathon racing shoe of
2024 now I do have one additional shoe
that I think deserves some honorable
mention and again it's from Adidas this
is the adios Pro 4 I had a chance to
erase the Berlin marathon in this
earlier in the year but the reason why
it's not in my 2024 list is because like
the evos SL for my daily trainers list
this shoe technically doesn't become
globally released until 2025 so I'm
going to classify it as a 2025 shoe and
we're going to have to wait to see how
things shake out in 2025 to see where
the adios Pro 4 ends up in the best of
lists so those are the shoes that I've
been enjoying doing my toughest workouts
and my Marathon racing in I'd love to
hear what's been working well for you
guys put it in the comments down below
or better yet stop by the live stream
that I do Mondays and Thursdays over on
the kofuzi Run Club Channel I'd love to
see you guys over there in the chat
that's all for today everybody thanks so
much for making it all the way to the
end of this video hopefully you guys are
staying safe out there on your runs and
I will see you in the next one yo what's
going on
[Music]

---

# Best Daily Trainers 2024

I been flying high the pay man for me
can I get a
aen don't
stop don't stop I get don't
stop don't
stop I this I white balloon i s
this ass to the Moon I'm at the
top ain't no room stop

---

# Best Daily Trainers 2024

it's time to take a look back at the
best running shoes of the Year these are
the top five daily trainers of
[Music]
2024 yo what's going on my name is kzi
and I'm a non- elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys about the
best daily trainers of 2024 but before I
give you this list I do want to go over
some disclosures nobody is paying me to
make this video nobody's paying me to be
included on this list and no one's going
to get a chance to preview any of my
footage or my thoughts before you guys
get a chance to see this video on
YouTube so with that disclosure out of
the way let's talk about the best daily
trainers of 2024 and let's start with
number five in the Five Spot this year
is a Adas it is the Ido SL2 I'm really
liking the updates to this shoe it is a
kind of two foam Construction in here
there's a light strike po core which is
their rasing foam and then there's a
light strike a regular Eva carrier on
the outside the upper fits really great
there's not too much padding on it and
the whole package stays really light
this shoe has a little bit more ground
feel than I typically like in my daily
trainers but because of both the price
point of this shoe and the way that this
shoe feels for runs that for me are
about an hour or less I feel like this
is a really great shoe for those who
aren't necessarily training for a
marathon so high school and college
cross country runners or anyone training
for 5K 10ks up to the half marathon feel
like this is going to be an excellent
daily trainer it also looks fantastic so
it can also serve double purpose for
casual wear as well coming in at number
four is a shoe that I think is a little
bit underrated and that is the Hoka Max
6 cuz it is just so lightweight Nimble
and fun to run in now the the big change
for the Mach 6 is Hoka left the kind of
two foam proly construction that they
had been using and went with a single
type of foam in the shoe and it's a very
fun foam it compresses really nicely
when you're put it to the ground but it
also snaps back and decompresses in a
really quick and pleasant way for both
easy running and for picking up the pace
as well also the upper fits on me really
great and there is minimal padding in
this shoe it even has a little bit of an
Achilles flare to avoid biting at the
back of your foot so it's a very
comfortable but also Fun Shoot to run it
now for the number three spot I guess
it's a return of this shoe to the market
it is the Pegasus plus now it does say
that it's a turbo but Nike is doing
their whole kind of renaming of all the
existing franchises in their lineup so
the Pegasus turbo is now going to be
called the Pegasus plus and naming
conventions aside and how much I dislike
what they're doing with the names aside
I feel like the Pegasus plus is a very
successful daily trainer they're using a
modified version of zumex in here I
don't think it's exactly what you're
getting in say the alphafly or in the
vaporfly but it is a really nice pea
based foam that's in the midsole that
gives you a lot of great comfort for
daily training but is lightweight and
can definitely pick up the pace the
upper also feels really nice and it
reminds me a lot of the Mach 6 but it is
a Nike shoe so the fit is a little bit
more snug now moving into the number two
spot is a shoe that is parentally near
the top of my top five daily trainer
list and that's from as6 that is the
Nova blast 5 this shoe only came out in
the last month or so but already I've
been loving the miles I've been able to
put in this shoe in 2024 the Nova blast
5 got an update to its phone from FF
blast Eco to FF blast Max it's even
lighter even spongier even more energy
return in the foam and it's just a very
fun ride the new jard mesh upper also
just feels really great and I think it
gives a little bit more room in the
forefoot than we saw in previous
iteration so the Nova blast 5 takes the
number two spot and that means coming in
at the number one spot is a shoe from
New Balance and that is the rebel
version 4 this is a shoe that came out
all the way in the beginning months of
the year and it's a shoe that I
absolutely fell in love with pretty much
right away it's really lightweight and
can do just about everything from a
workout all the way down to an easy long
run and a lot of that's because of the
fuel cell that they put in here now this
isn't the same fuel cell that they put
in their Racing shoes instead it is a
peba and Eva blend but whatever they've
done to make that blend I feel like it's
absolutely perfect for a daily training
application because it squishes the
right amount but it also can stay
resilient and comfortable throughout
even a very long run and because of that
wide versatility the rebel version 4
takes my number one spot as best daily
trainer of 2024 but I do have one
honorable mention that I got to talk
about and that's another shoe from
Adidas that's the Evo SL and the reason
why it gets honorable mention and
doesn't take a spot in the regular top
five lineup is because technically this
shoe doesn't come out until 2025 now a
lot of people have run in it already and
there have been trickle drops across the
internet here and there but I think
unless something's changed the actual
Global release date for the shoe doesn't
happen until well into 2025 so so stay
tuned for next year's best of daily
trainers to see where that shoe ranks so
those are my picks for best shoes of the
years I would love to know what you've
been running in most as far as daily
trainers go let me know in the comments
down below or better yet stop by the
live stream than I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run Club
Channel love to talk to you guys over
there in the chat that's all I have for
today everybody thanks so much for
making it all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I will
see you in the next one yo what's going
on
n
[Music]

---

# New Balance 1080v14

I should
do now that feeling's never gone I
just think might it go that's just
[Music]
[Music]

---

# New Balance More v5

[Music]
the mo version 4 was my top Max cushion
shoe back in 2022 and I guess it was so
good that New Balance didn't think it
needed updating for almost two full
years so was it worth the wait let's
lace up the more version 5 and take it
for a
[Music]
run heart beats going
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kzi and
I'm a non Elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to tell you guys all about the
New Balance Fresh Foam X more version 5
but before I give you my thoughts on
this shoe I do want to go over some
disclosures this is a pair of shoes that
I bought myself nobody's paying me to
make this video or to include their shoe
in this video and no one's going to get
a chance to preview any of my footage or
my thoughts before you guys get a chance
to see this video on YouTube so with
that disclosure out of the way let's
talk about the more version five and
let's start with the specs this is a
very tall shoe starting out at 44 mm of
stacky in the heel with a 4 mm drop
giving us 40 mm of fresh foam X in the
forefoot of the shoe and that's the only
thing that's in the shoe just that Fresh
Foam X goodness now the big thing that I
noticed with version 5 to version four
is that there is a major Aesthetics
change the version five is basically
getting a design update to match the
same design language as the rest of the
fresh FX line so if you've seen the
changes to the 1080 version 14 uh you'll
see that there are a lot of similarities
to the more version 5 but it's not just
a cosmetic change there's a couple of
really big hints that newbounds drops in
the way that they talk about this shoe
for one thing when we look to the
outsole of the shoe there is a bottomup
outsole for additional 4ot stiffness and
the other thing that they've done is
that they've changed the rocker profile
of the shoe so when you're looking at
these two shoes the way that these two
shoes curl up as your foot moves through
the gate cycle is very different in the
mo version 5 than in the mo version 4 so
those are going to be two very
significant differences that are going
to end up making a very big impact later
on when I talk about what the shoes
actually like to run in my US men's size
9 came in at a weigh measurement of 318
G or 11.2 Oz
[Music]
now that we've talked about what the
shoe is like on paper let's talk about
what it's like on the road the more
version 5 is a very good Max cushion
shoe the fit of the upper is true to
size it's not too baggy it's not super
wide I feel like it's just right and the
materials that they've chosen for this
shoe are very comfortable especially if
you're putting this shoe on on a
recovery day or after a tough workout
the upholstery work on this shoe is
excellent and I think it's a great
example of how you can have a very
comfortable and luxurious feeling shoe
without resorting to a bunch of excess
fluffy padding that is only going to end
up being a sweat sponge in some of those
warmer months so I feel like the fit on
the upper is exactly what I want which
is also something that I could say about
the mo version 4 the fit of the mo
version 4 and the fit of the mo version
5 are excellent fits but when it comes
to the actual running in the shoe as a
more version 4 Super Fan I find that
like the mo version 5 a little bit less
the shoe feels like it's a little bit
firmer and a little bit more stable and
that's something that we saw in a lot of
shoes across 2024 so it's not a surprise
that this is what happened to the mo
version 5 but overall The Sensation that
I'm left with is that this is a shoe
that seems to be more intended for
high-intensity walking than it is for
high mileage running and there's nothing
against a walking in a running shoe or
even having a shoe that is really well
suited for run Walkers uh but it's just
very different than the experience that
I felt in the mo version 4 and I really
am kind of caught off guard I wasn't
expecting such a drastic change between
one and the other now the most common
question that I got when it came to the
more version 4 was how is this shoe for
walking which indicates to me that a big
portion of the at least more version 4
curious audience was not only is it good
for running but is it going to be a
comfortable shoe cuz it looks nice and
big and comfy is it going to be good for
standing in all day or for long periods
of walking or if walking is your primary
mode of outdoor activity and the thing
that I would say the most is because of
the aggressive rocker that was on the
front end of this shoe I really enjoyed
it for running but I didn't like it as
much for walking because I felt like
that transition felt a little bit
awkward at the walking pace where as at
the running pace it was just right for
being able to move this large amount of
foam now the change that they've made to
the rocker geometry which New Balance
told us about in all the documentation
and this additional 4 foot stiffness
that they talk about is intended to make
it less aggressive which then flips the
script on the more version 5 which makes
it much more comfortable if you've got
to be on your feet all day or if you're
using this for run walk or just walk but
for running I felt like it made the shoe
a little bit harder to Wrangle all this
midsole foam that was here so for me it
felt a little bit less exciting it felt
a little bit less like the more version
4 that I fell in love with and it made
it feel more like kind of traditional
Max cushion shoes at the end of the day
I'm not mad at New Balance or the more
for changing in the way it did I think
that this way the more version 5 is
going to have much broader Commercial
Appeal it's just not going to appeal as
much to me
now before we wrap up this video let's
take a moment to zoom out and see where
the more version 5 fits within the
broader New Balance lineup and to
understand New Balance you have to
understand that they have two different
types of foam they have fresh foam X
which is what we've been talking about
with the more version 5 and they have
fuel cell two different types of foam
that are intended to give two different
types of experiences fuel cell is
supposed to give you speed rebound and
responsiveness and the Fresh Foam X is
supposed to give you softness and
comfort but let's take a look more
closely at the Fresh Foam X shoes
because I think that's going to be more
important in the discussion of the more
version 5 now within the Fresh Foam X
shoes and there are a lot of fresh foam
X shoes there are kind of three main
shoes that I want to talk about there's
the 880 the 1080 and the more version 5
now the 880 has always been kind of the
daily training shoe and I think as you
go along this direction C on this
spectrum you're getting more and more
cushion and comfort the 1080 used to
kind of be the max cushion shoe in this
lineup now is until the more came to be
and ever since the more existed in the
lineup the 1080 has been shifting ever
so slightly more towards the daily
training side so there aren't clear cut
offs as to when it's a daily trainer and
when it's a Max cushion shoe it's all
kind of a spectrum based on how much
comfort and how much cushion you want
underfoot these days as far as the Fresh
Foam X daily trainers are concerned I'm
really loving the 1080 as the daily
trainer and the more version 5 as the
max cushion shoe now there is one
additional wrinkle because this year New
Balance also introduced The Fresh Foam X
BOS or BOS I've never really been sure
how to pronounce this shoe now while I
personally had some difficulty running
in this shoe it gave me a little bit of
of foot pain which is a weird thing that
happens to me once every like 30 to 50
shoes certain shoes just disagree with
with my foot but this has been a really
interesting higher cushion shoe than the
1080 which I really think is kind of an
either or with the more version five I
think if you like traditional Max
cushion shoes think shoes like the Bondi
from Hoka then I think that the more
version 5 is going to be the max cushion
shoe for you but if you like something
that's a little bit bouncier a little
bit more kind of in my mind modern and
fun then I feel like the BOS is kind of
like the runnner version of the more
version 5 and that's kind of how I
understand the the Fresh Foam X shoes
now let's bring in also the fuel cell
foam shoes and in the interest of
brevity I'm not going to go through each
one of these individually but there are
also fuel cell foam shoes that kind of
cover a lot of the same bases as the
Fresh Foam X shoes but keeping in mind
that fuel cell is a little bit more of
kind of a performance oriented product
that's where the racing product from New
Balance is going to sit so if we take
these shoes both the fuel cell and the
freshx and kind of Shuffle the deck and
kind of mix everything together to make
the best five shoe rotation that you can
here's kind of how I would put that
together in the daily training spot I
would pick Rebel version 4 in my opinion
this is one of the best daily trainers
that you can buy right now it's fun it's
lightweight it's Snappy it can do fast
stuff it can also go long distances as
well this would be the center piece of
the rotation and you can either put the
1080 in that position or the 880 in that
position the all can kind of be
interchanged depending on the experience
that you are looking for now as far as
race product go then I would go to the
SC Elite version 4 this is their
Marathon racing shoe in the lineup and I
think kind of in between these two shoes
is the SC Pacer version 2 now this could
also be the marathon racer for some
people and I really feel like this year
newbounds tried to make this an
alternative Marathon racer a lot of
Brands now have two different
experiences for your their marathon Race
product but for me this one just felt a
lot firmer than I would like for
Marathon distance and I'd kind of put it
here as a workout session shoe for
something that I'm going to try to go a
little bit faster than Marathon workouts
might normally entail and I feel like
this is more of like a 5k 10K racer now
as far as the max cushion goes that's
where I think you can bring in a shoe
like the mo version 5 or if it works for
you I think the BOS is a lot more fun of
an experience so because this is a more
version 5 video I'll leave the more
version 5 in this position even though
personally if it did work for me I would
go with the BOS and then you've got the
SC Trainer version 3 which kind of fits
on the end over here in that new
generation of long run shoes where
they're very comfortable but also still
very peppy and performance oriented and
for a lot of people this like long run
shoe category is where a lot of people
might be picking out their Marathon
Racers if traditional carbon plated
Racers aren't working for them so this
would be like the five shoe lineup that
I would pick from New Balance but if
we're going to trim this down to three
shoes then I think the shoes that I
would eliminate from this discussion
would be the pacer version 2 and the SC
Trainer version three the rebel version
4 would be your daily trainer and your
workout shoe the more version 5 would be
your time on feet and Recovery run shoe
and then for your toughest workouts and
for your Marathon racing you'd go with
the SC Elite version 4 and then if we're
going to drill that back even further to
just a shoe rotation then I think you
could have a lot of fun with just the
rebel version 4 and the SC Elite version
[Music]
4 now let's wrap up the video by going
over the buying guide and we'll also
discuss some of the Alternatives that
you'll likely want to consider the more
version 5 is a classic Max cushion
running shoe with a healthy dose of both
comfort and stability it's going to be a
great shoe for those looking to set time
on feet PBS as well as those looking for
a really good RunWalk or pure walking
experience this shoe has been out for a
little while but it's still selling for
the retail price of
$155 and I think for the amount of shoe
and the kind of shoe that you're getting
here I feel like that's a pretty good
price but if you are looking for the
more runnable of the two options I would
look at last year's more version 4 and
you can find it at discount in some
select sizes there's not a lot left
remaining but you might be able to find
it at a discount in your size at
$110 but there's also competition from
other brands that you're going to want
to consider and let's take a look at
those the first one that I think we
really need to take a look at because I
feel like it's the barometer against
which all kind of classic Max cushion
shoes are mentioned is from Hoka and
that's the Bondi this is the Bondi 8 and
I feel like this is a very mature shoe
it's not going to be changing a ton year
over-ear you're going to be getting a
pretty consistent experience and that
experience is something that's really
great for people who are on their feet
all day and want something comfortable
people that want a RunWalk shoe or
people that want to set time on feet PBS
and want something that provides both
comfort and stability and that's a lot
of the same ways that I would explain
the more version 5 now I feel like the
Bondi is kind of the most old-fashioned
of the max cushion shoes if we can kind
of talk about them that way so I think
there's a little bit more firmness and a
little bit more stability in that shoe
so depending on what you want the Bondi
might be the better choice but even
amongst these two shoes for people
looking squarely at this type of shoe I
think that the more version 5 is still a
bit more comfy and a bit more fun now
the Bondi retails at 165 but it's been
out for a little while and you might be
able to find it at about a 20% discount
at 132 bucks and then the last two that
I think we should talk about kind of
sits in the middle between I guess the
modernity of the more version 5 and the
Bondi 8 and that's from toppo and this
is the atmos now when I reviewed the
atmos I kind of felt like this is what
the Bondi should be looking to in terms
of staying true to what a Bondi is but
also being able to take advantage of
some modern techniques and materials
that can go into shoe construction and
so a lot of the things that I've been
saying about the mo and that I've been
saying about the Bondi apply to the
atmos as well but I feel like it's kind
of like a step elevated from the Bondi 8
in terms of being a little bit more fun
to run in and a a little bit peppier and
the Topo Atmos comes in at 160 so a
little bit more expensive than the more
version 5 but kind of splits the
difference between what you're getting
in the Bondi 8 and what you're getting
in the more version 5 so we've got kind
of three flavors of classic Max cushion
shoes here for you to choose from if you
have any other questions about the mo
version 5 or any other shoes that I
talked about today feel free to put them
in the comments down below or better yet
stop of the live stream that I do
Mondays and Thursdays over on the kofuzi
Run Club Channel love to see you guys
over over there in the chat that's all
it for today everybody thanks so much
for making it all the way to the end of
this video hopefully you guys are
staying safe out there on your runs and
I will see you in the next one yo what's
going on
[Music]

---

# The Running Event TRE 2024 - A Runner's Weekend

if there is a preseason in the running
shoe world it's the running event it's a
running brand convention that showcases
what's coming up in the next year and
everyone looks like they've got a shot
at winning it's also a pretty great time
to catch up with some friends and
colleagues so let's hop on a plane and
head to Austin this is a runner's
weekend at the running event 2024
[Music]
yo what's going on just made it to the
Airbnb in Austin this is the same place
that I stayed last year a kafui run Club
member owns this Airbnb so I love to be
able to throw some business her and her
family's way it's going to be a busy
work week so even though it's been a
really long travel day and I'm exhausted
I just want to go get some dinner but
first we got to go meet up with Tommy
and Caitlyn who is the head organizer of
this entire running event
[Music]
show Tommy was staying at the main TR
Hotel the Hilton and I didn't film any
of the two main meetings we had one was
with the TR organizers as Tommy and I
were going to be doing a social media
takeover of the TR IG account the next
day and then Tommy and I met separately
because we were doing a seminar on
social media for running stores also the
following day afterwards Tommy and I got
tacos at the hotel restaurant a
productive efficient and quiet way to
start TR
[Music]
2024 good morning it's a little bit
before 6:00 a.m. here is in Austin on a
Tuesday my watch tells me I got 4 hours
of sleep last night although it feels
like I got a lot less a lot of tossing
and turning last night bed was perfectly
fine I just think I had a little bit too
much coffee too late in the day
yesterday and I just couldn't fall
asleep got another busy day today first
thing I got to do is I'm going to try to
get in a little bit of extra mileage in
before I meet Tommy for a run
[Music]
it was definitely a bit discouraging
when I woke up and it was so dark to get
going for this run but now that I'm on
ladyb bird there are so many other
Runners out here it's really quite nice
to see
[Music]
all right got in a little bit more than
5 miles let's go find
Tommy on the run this is Tommy's first
run since finishing six marathons in one
year
[Music]
that is the trail cleanup that I really
wanted to do today because last year
they had an option for you could pick up
trash while you're
jogging but there was also a kaying
option and I was too afraid I'd fall in
the water last year to do it this year I
brought special clothes to do it so I
was going to get him the kayak but I
forgot that we had to film all this
stuff now so I'm going to have to skip
out on this year maybe another time
[Music]
Tommy runs Tommy kzi say your own name
first hold on I want to get this
actually
y ready hold
on oh God that's all in the
mic I'm going to need a new microphone
now I didn't realize it was going to be
that aggressive all right ready I think
I don't have Burgers I got Burgers
you're dad you're
good yo what's going on it is a kofuzi
Tommy runs takeover of the TR social
media account yep
yep yo what's going on it is a kofuzi
Tommy runs take over the TR social today
is the first so it took us a few takes
but Tommy and I got what we needed on
the bridge and then we ran back to our
hotels to get ready for our our next
thing that we had to do for the ti
social takeover but nothing is
straightforward at TI everywhere you go
you'll run into some friends morning how
are you hi good morning
YouTube how are you you doing great I
had I
like how you doing man I was good to see
you yeah how's how's the trash pickup
going it's going you getting some we got
the trash the
wild good watch
your yeah you see you hey how are you
that's it that's your 10 statement right
there how you good bro how are you man
how man how's it R good yeah man all
right I'll see you in a little bit I'll
see you over there at like 9:00 9: at 9:
yeah 9's good yeah yeah I'm going to be
ready for the day I'll get uh cameras
mic we'll try to do some interviews okay
sure um yeah we'll get going all right
bye man peace out you soon
[Music]
quiet a quick shower and a quick bite to
eat later I was back with Tommy at the
convention hall our mission was to find
people to interview about why they were
excited to be at TR all right we're here
at TR what is your name my name is
Amanda and who are you with Melora and
what is your most what are you looking
forward to the most here I'm looking
yeah I'm looking forward to having
genuine real authentic conversations
with uh like-minded people but really
focusing on having authentic
conversations surrounding like diversity
sustainability amplifying marginalized
voices and giving them the platform that
they deserve to have year round I'm
excited about all those things I love
that let's go let's do it what's up guys
um first off let me know what who what
your names are who you're here with and
what you're excited about here at TR
sweet uh I'm Joe H I'm Kevin ginan we're
here we have an agency called footstep
creative and we're just here we've been
building in kind of stealth mode the
last like two years so we're just trying
to get in front of brands people in the
industry and yeah what's your name
Carlos who are you with we are media
from Spain we're Road running review all
right and what are you excited about for
TR this week we're waiting for a lot of
shoes lot good stuff new carbon plates
new people of Pham so
[Music]
excited we had some time before our
seminar so Tommy and I got some coffee
then we went to the keynote session
which featured lunch and then it was
time for us to give our talk on social
media for running retail now even though
Tommy and I did this talk last year I
was still pretty nervous the session was
was really well attended the last time
and we had a lot of return attendees as
well as a number of media colleagues and
friends so I felt like expectations were
high but overall I think it went well
Tommy did great we had a lot of good
questions from the audience and I got a
chance to really emphasize one of my
core philosophies of the past couple
years which is that running Brands
running retail and running media can
work together in alignment in win winwin
scenarios and in the past those groups
weren't always exactly on the same team
I just don't think it has to be that way
and I'm trying to change
[Music]
that all right just finished the session
I think it went well I feel like I
talked too much but uh we had some good
questions at the end so that was good uh
now I'm going to meet up with running
Warehouse we're going to film something
fun for YouTube I was going to walk over
there by myself but the guys are all
here checking in so I'm just going to
hop in an Uber with them and we'll head
over do something
fun earlier in the year in Boston Connor
from running Warehouse took the believe
in the Run crew up to the Charles to
check out what real Runners were
actually wearing for their daily runs
and now it was my turn to do some shoe
spotting along ladyb bird Lake in Austin
the whole thing was a bit overproduced
with three cameramen and four cameras
but it was a nice way to actually spend
some time chatting about shoes with a
friend and I think the video we made is
going to be pretty good head on over to
the running Warehouse YouTube channel
And subscribe to see when that video
drops finished shooting sneaker spotting
with running Warehouse that was a lot of
fun we saw a lot of shoes a really wide
variety and ran into a bunch of friends
so a really fun time to G out over shoes
and reconnect with some
people now I'm going to head back over
to the convention center the hotel
across the street is where the Hoka
reception is so let's go check that
[Music]
out this was a lively and Loud affair
with drinks food and a lot of people we
got to see some displays of some
upcoming shoes I caught up with some
friends and then it was time for me to
head to my next spot for the evening TR
is a lot like graduation weekend
everyone has a lunch in or a gathering
that you're invited to so you got to
keep moving in order to see everybody
and my next stop was the as6 event I had
a workout scheduled for the next morning
so it was a bunch of hinin 0.0 for me
but it was nevertheless really good to
connect with everyone
[Music]
good morning it is a little bit before
7:00 a.m. on a Wednesday here in Austin
didn't have too late a night last night
I got home uh about 9:30 and then I was
asleep by about 11: I think so I'm
feeling pretty good about that had a
much better night's sleep and that's a
good thing cuz today I've got a big
session on Deck but I have a little bit
of surprise help for this workout one of
the things that can kind of happen at
the running event is you might have a
chance encounter get a chance to run in
an upcoming development or secret shoe
so I ran into someone last night and
that person asked if I was going to go
for a run today I said I have some
intervals on deck and they said that
would be perfect for a upcoming
prototype shoe that they'd love to get
some early non-elite Runner feedback on
they have some pros who have run in it
and they want to know what non- Elites
might think about it so I said I have
some 800 m on deck and they gave me a
pair of shoes to run in now I can't show
you the shoes I can't photograph the
shoes can't really tell you much about
the shoes either but I'm really looking
forward to it it should be fun so
apologize that uh I can't show them to
you but uh I'm pretty excited about it
[Music]
finished the
workout that was hard but this shoe is
amazing I still do have a lot of notes
can't wait to tell you about it don't
know when that would be for now I'm
going to finish this cool down and then
get ready to head with the exhibit hall
[Music]
Flor all showered up let's get ready to
head over to the running event I got a
day jam-packed full of appointments with
all of the running shoe brands my plan
of attack for today is to do all the
shoe brands on Wednesday and then the
apparel and Nutri brands on Thursday
first thing before I do any of that
though is I got to get some coffee and
some
[Music]
snacks yo if you could bring back one
shoe what would it be oh I'm so excited
about the new stuff and need something
old give me something old uh I'm going
to go with the original Nike epic react
uh or no the lunar lunar the lunar epic
is my favorite the high top with the
stretchy knit upper and then uh I would
go for a run with
kzi energy levels are already high
everyone's here everyone's excited
things are shiny and new can't wait
first appointment is with
diodora diodora is an Italian running
shoe brand that has recently rededicated
itself to Performance running and
they've only recently started reaching
out to me to review their shoes so for
our meeting I was happy to be able to
speak with the product people to get an
introduction to the entire lineup
diodora also has a 100 steps philosophy
to their shoe design their design
prototyping and run testing departments
all sit within 100 steps from each other
in their headquarters in Northern Italy
allowing for quick feedback with little
Lost in
[Music]
Translation that's going to be it from
deodora it's good to get a complete
rundown of the lineup from them well not
a complete but uh everything except the
stability shoes and now let's go see k
run I've never talked to them before so
that should be interesting let's see
what they
got kiun is a te cathlon brand and if
you don't know what T cathlon is it's
kind of like a Trader Joe's but for
sports equipment they sell a bit of
everything but all the brands are
inhouse and they're pretty good but
value oriented so Ki and trying to stand
out sep separately as a performance
running brand it's kind of like if that
Trader Joe's frozen pizza you like we're
trying to compete in an actual pizza
making competition but also in a lot of
ways Ki Run's challenges are kind of the
same as the challenges that Sketcher
performance faces in relations to its
parent Sketchers we spent some time
talking about the shoes at kiun and
about how they could try and make their
debut into the US market given the
challenges that they might be facing and
it'll be interesting to see what they
get up to in the next few
years 11:00 I'm supposed to be somewhere
I don't know
where okay so my next appointment was at
Brooks and they always show up big for
TR for 2025 they're tweaking their Foams
again DNA tune is going to be an update
to their super critical Foams where
they're using dual density Source
compounds that when placed under
pressure and heat and then injected with
nitrogen gas in other words super
critical IED it results in Foams that
have firm sidewalls and squish G centers
it's a format that we've seen Puma use
to great success with their forever run
and I look forward to seeing it in the
glycerin I'm also really excited for DNA
gold which is Brooks's long awaited
entry into the Pea midsole Market the
Hyperion Max will hopefully be getting
the true max treatment with the use of
partial DNA gold next year and we will
also see an all DNA gold shoe from
Brooks later in
2025 and finally I'm particularly
intrigued by this update to the the
ghost Max it looks like it's getting
treatment similar to what we've seen in
the glycerin Max and I hope this shoe is
as fun to run in as it looks that's it
from the Brooks Booth a lot of exciting
changes coming very happy with what I'm
seeing there all the things that I
wanted to happen to Two Shoes
specifically Hyperion Max and Hyperion
Elite 5 are happening I don't think I
could tell you very much more about
hyper5 but we did hear a lot about it
and it's you're going to be surprised
going be surprised uh now I have a
little bit of time before our next
appointment so let's get something to
eat my plan originally was to try and
avoid eating food at Teri because the
concessions are always pretty
disappointing for vegetarians I did have
an empanada and a bean taco in my bag
that I had picked up in the morning from
the convenience store but since I did
have some bonus time in my schedule I
thought I'd give concessions another try
I got some kind of chicken noodle dish
minus chicken and while I appreciate
everyone who worked very hard to make
this dish tasty I did not enjoy it
finished with lunch actually had to eat
lunch today that was nice now let's
check out what these guys are
to for those who can't make it in person
to tr there is a live stream of the show
hosted by my friends at PR project this
is the second year that Aaron Tommy and
Gary were hosts for this two-day live
show and this year this set was a much
more chill living room Vibe with video
production and streaming hosted by flow
track
Tommy hello how's it how's PR project
going PR project is going really well TR
live is is uh is is popping we had a lot
of great guests and we covered some
really cool things and talked about a
lot of the Innovation that's happening
in the industry as a whole uh Gary
crushed it Aaron crushed it and and big
shout out to the guests all right two
questions two what are those these are
the on cloud monster I mean Cloud Surfer
2 nice I like the color blocking on that
yeah all right second question yeah if
you could bring back any one running
shoe what would it be oh man oh oh oh
um that's a really good question oh I I
bring back the first uh Nike Infinity
all right react I like that a lot I like
that a lot
thanks my next appointment was with
Adidas now a few years ago there was an
issue with me filming some shoes that
they had put on display in their booth
and on their mannequins and since then
Adidas has switched up how they present
at TR now they have a facade to their
Booth but all discussions happened
behind closed doors and to make my life
easier I pretty much consider everything
we talked about back there to be under
embargo and besides anything that is
really interesting will end up on my
desk later when the time comes and I can
actually run in it so I'm not in a hurry
to post about stuff that's coming later
although because I am a reference size I
did get to try on a lot of stuff and I
will say that 2025 is going to be a good
year for
Adidas just got done with a lengthy
meeting with Adidas it was really good
very excited for what's to come can't
tell you about any of that quite yet
next let's go visit some friends at Muno
I think they've been up to some stuff
[Music]
mauno is a Japanese brand that has been
struggling with how to modernize without
alienating their legacy fan base there
is a very clear road map on exactly how
to do this laid out by some of their
compatriot competition and this year
mauno seems to finally be taking that to
heart with their mystery shoe lineup for
TR mauno unveiled a series of four
mystery shoes that are intended to both
move the company forward while also
re-energizing the base mystery shoe 01
however pequs my interest the most as it
doesn't have a wave plate plus it's got
a knitted upper and a super squishy foam
it's all the things I like so I'm really
looking forward to testing this
[Music]
one just finished at
luno I like it when Brands modernize and
I feel like that's what's happening with
the zuno very interested to see what's
going on with the secret shoe 0102 03
and 04
getting very
tired but still have to continue to more
appointments next let's go to under
arour I don't recall if under arour has
been to tr before but it's the first
time that I can remember visiting them
I've reviewed a couple of their shoes
recently but it was good to get a walk
through on the rest of their running
shoe lineup
they also showed me this double boa
speed Len collab the velocity Elite 3
Proto that Sharon ly wore in New York
and I got to meet Sharon L and wey kotti
I had seen Sharon speak at an Under
Armour event in New York earlier in the
month but it was good to actually get a
chance to introduce myself and I've also
seen Wy win the usatf 5K championships a
couple of times in New York so it was
great to finally meet her too so I
introduce myself as a Mike and then as
I'm leaving Sharon goes to way and goes
this is kofuzi he has a really good
makes really good running content and
then waynie was like oh I've seen that
before so that was really flattering and
maybe she has maybe she hasn't but I'm
going to take it as a win and look at
this guy good to see you man how are you
up I'm doing great Hoka had a lot to
discuss at TR the Clifton and the Bondi
will be getting updates this year and
the impression that I got is that these
models will more Target the RunWalk
consumer and this seems to be an
industry wide Trend where the Legacy
franchises are designed to be intra
points for those who are curious about
the brand or for those Runners who don't
like their running shoes changing all
that much these core franchise models
will become Dependable year-over-year
experiences for the shoe NS who want
something a bit more modern Hoka has
updates for you too the clo X1 2.0 not
the clo X2 but the clo X1 2.0 gets a
major redesign the cutout will flip from
the lateral to the medial side for
smoother superation I'm told the shoe
will lighten up quite a bit and Hoka was
also proud to announce that the laces
will be changing on this shoe which I've
gone on record multiple times saying
that the laces on the original C X1 were
just fine the Mach X will also get an
update but it's just an upper update
this year with an aes's flare which
makes it less distinguished visually
from the regular Mack but it should
resolve the issue that many of you had
where the back of the shoe bit into your
Achilles hey it's m what's up everyone
if you could bring back one shoe from
history what would it be that's a great
question okay if I could bring back one
shoe from history I think it's going to
be the Reebok float ride energy 3 it's
only a couple years old but I I really
thought that was a solid daily trainer
it was Priced Right and it was just a it
was a good shoe a few years ago Sketcher
performance kicked me out of their booth
at TR and I haven't been back since but
this year they actually requested a
meeting now they didn't want me filming
anything unless they could approve it
prior to publication so I ended up just
not filming anything but they did let me
try on a shoe and run on it in a
treadmill and it was pretty
fun on was very selective in what they
showed me which I appreciated I prefer
the new cloudtech phase shoes and that's
pretty much all they showed me for next
year there will be three major updates
the cloud Surfer will get a bit less
mushy in the midsole but a bit more
puffy in the upper the cloud Surfer next
will be a speedier cloud Surfer
experience and the cloud Eclipse will
cease to exist and will instead become
the cloud Surfer Max it will lose a
torsion plate that I thought was pretty
useless anyway the arrangement of the
cloudtech phase changes significantly
and I think most importantly for many of
you they are putting tiny little ridges
in the clouds so that it shouldn't
squeak they also showed me the cloud
boom Max which is another one of those
attempts at a carbon plated shoe for the
masses a race day shoe for middle and
back of the pack personally I think
every other Brand's attempt at this kind
of shoe has been either patronizing and
overpriced or underwhelming and dull and
while this one is going to be expensive
although not that expensive for an on
shoe the way that they explained the
design and construction of the shoe
didn't feel like it was gatekeeping to
me so I'm not mad at this one at least
not for now
Stephen you know what question I'm going
to ask I do if you're going to bring
back one shoe from any time in history
what would it be oh anytime in history
oh does have to be like the last year
like do you have a favorite old shoe oh
yeah from any time that you can think of
and you wish you could bring it back
shoe that instantly popped into my mind
was the Hoka Nepali okay I loved the
Nepali so lightweight it was like a
cheap shoe I could throw on my feet and
go run tons of miles in I Lov that ship
[Music]
for the past couple of years A6 has
focused on one main shoe only at TR and
this year it was the Nimbus 27 it gets a
pretty mild update and will remain a
pretty comfy shoe I did get a chance to
run in the shoe the following morning
and I can say that it feels a bit
smoother than the Nimbus 26 which felt a
bit clunky to me so I appreciate the
small
[Music]
change next up is my faite Underdog
toppo I reviewed the Cyclone 2 a while
back so I'm excited to try the upper
update for the Cyclone 3 and I'm also
excited to delve further into the Topo
lineup with a shoe I haven't tried
before the Phantom 4 and it's updated
zip
[Music]
foam okay that is the last meeting I
have for today now it's happy hour time
pretty much like every other booth has a
little bit of a spread and a little bit
of like viations to celebrate the end of
day
one I am going to try and find the TAA
happy hour cuz I told them I'll stop
up back in college I used to live in the
tea mush flipflops I bought pair after
pair after pair and after college it
always felt like a real Miss to me that
tea didn't quite catch the recovery
slide wave so this year I accepted the
request to stop by forh hour with the
hopes that I would find a way to fall in
love with tea again and while the hiking
water sports and running sandals don't
really resonate with me I am quite
liking some of the winter and casual
wear boots that tea is
[Music]
making Megan if you could bring back one
shoe from history what would it be oh
man I loved the Hoka elvon it was the
best shoe sort of responsive little bit
clunky sometimes but it was just a
consistent good shoe and then it just
disappeared if you could bring back one
shoe which would it be okay I'm going to
go to the 808s 1981 air Mariah my
Marathon PR shoe if you could bring back
one shoe what would it be the mauno
Elixir I think I know what the answer is
but if you could bring back one shoe
into production what would it be it
would be the Nike alphafly one mow here
if you could bring back one shoe what
would it be tart Edge as T Edge Hoka
please if there are any size 10 and a
half samples still in the back room I
will pay for them Evo Speedo it is in my
opinion not just the greatest Trail shoe
of all time but I'll run on the road or
the treadmill whatever in that shoe so
send it my way the Nike Lunar Glide I
wore that thing all the time every
single day I don't know if it's the best
running shoe but it just meant so much
to me in like high school or middle
schore or whatever it was please bring
it back Sketchers Go Run speed Trail
hyper sorry you brought back a Sketchers
yeah I know I love the throwback waffle
Racers the ogs I think there's something
about that is just like very pure
honest and um just kind of like very
much of the time so I would bring those
back
[Music]
the next morning started early at 7:00
a.m. for a group run at torches tacos
the local as6 Tech rep Chris Anton who
put together the group run I did in
Austin over the summer was The
Mastermind behind this Noel blast
torches collab we took a huge group
photo and then we were off and
[Music]
running hey coming out good to see you
nice and early we're just hicking over
the street here look at this
[Music]
a lot of people were demoing the Nova
blast 5 but I was in the new Nimbus 27
Drew was there as was Taylor Thomas
Jarrett and Robbie the air was a bit
chilly but it was a refreshing way to
wake up after a long day and a long
[Music]
night
J cameras around we got to run
come on it let's go let's go let's go
let's go back at torches there was a
free t-shirt free tacos and some
giveaways and little would I know that
this would be the only real meal I would
eat for the next 12 or so
[Music]
hours all
right getting a start on day two
I guess we already started the day with
the run but the start of the day for me
at the running event first meeting is
with
rabbit day one of TR was all about shoes
day two was all about apparel and
nutrition in the main thing I talked
about with rabbit was plans for more
collab merch for the kafui Run club we
also talked about some updates coming to
the Dreamchaser shoe my friend Greg iara
was also at the rabbit booth and he was
designing a skateboard to be raffled on
off at the end of TI in addition to
promoting his itahar designs rabbit
[Music]
kit so the last two meetings that I had
I went to the booths usually what I do
is I have a meeting that I get set up
with somebody and then I go to the booth
at the time I'm supposed to be there and
I kind of just wait if I don't know who
that person is
already usually that person spots me and
we have the
meeting what happens frequently with the
apparel
Brands is that someone like usually a PR
Company gets hired to help the brands
fill their calendars um during these two
days and a lot of times the apparel
Brands I don't know if the pr person
doesn't come on site or what but the
last two meetings that I had I went
there stood in the
booth
waited and then just left cuz no one was
like talking to me so that's okay I
don't hold it against anyone but I don't
mind missing or not having meetings
getting things cleared off my calendar
that's also not nice but
it's weird when it happens twice in a
row my next stop was at tracksmith they
brought their coffee truck to TI and
their new racing shoe it uses a similar
concept as the Elliot Runner with a
thick peba midsole insert but it's tuned
for racing and has an upper to
match after track smid I stopped by the
scratch Booth they're coming out with a
bunch of new flavors for chews bars and
drinks they sent me home with a bunch of
samples that I've already had a chance
to try on the live stream there's some
flavors that I don't exactly love but
the flavors I do like I really
[Music]
do CLA is a French Canadian brand that
most people know for their hats but I
been loving their apparel for years now
they haven't been to TI in a while and
it was good to see them here again their
apparel always has clean lines it's
wellmade and as you'd expect from French
Canadians they're excellent with cool
and cold weather performance
[Music]
apparel my last schedule meeting was
with goo they've recently become a
member of 1% for the planet which is a
group of companies that pledges to
donate 1% % of revenues to charitable
causes they sent me home with a bunch of
flavors of their liquid energy and Fruit
Chews and I'll say that their chews
taste the most like just regular gummies
than any other brand very
[Music]
tasty at this point I was done with
meetings but had a bit of time left to
wander the hall this was Bandit's first
year at Terry so I stopped by to say hi
I also stopped by the Wahoo Booth to
check out their new treadmill that I am
absolutely obsessed with and then I was
just Milling around the Puma Booth when
of my friends Drew Ashley and Amanda
Brooks came by for an appointment and so
I joined in one of my recent favorite
Puma surprises has been the forever run
which happens to also be a favorite
amongst Puma's pro athletes but because
this will be getting a significant
update in the more stability direction
it'll be interesting to see how it's
received
the other shoe that we talked about was
the deviate Elite Trail the Nitro Elite
foam firms up just a bit and the carbon
plate softens a bit to better suit it
for running through the
[Music]
woods all right guys I am
out of
energy I got no steam left I'm going to
head back over to diodora see if I can
get a
coffee ah I should probably just go but
I'm too tired to even
leave you
[Music]
like hi I'm here today with Mike Co AKA
kafui and we're a little low energy
we've been spending a lot of time on the
floor at the running event that's right
so this is going to be kind of more of a
mellow conversation Mike and I were
sitting here and we were discussing how
we felt about the majors adding Sydney
and how they reward you for running the
event and just kind of thought maybe we
should um bring this to you in a short
form very low energy conversation yeah
yeah low energy podcast I feel like
that's what it's going to be called
yes the the co with the low Co with the
low Co with the low yeah I mean I think
that I think it's great that there's a
seventh I think it's great it's on the
other side of the world so people over
there W have to keep coming to the
United States I think it's weird that
it's like it's a major but it's not
they'll still have to come to the United
States if they want do six but I'm like
if we like say like yeah if you wanted
to do all seven but
like before it was like if you lived in
say Japan or Asia you had to come to the
US three times for Majors you know cuz
it would been hard to get to Tokyo
already you know and so now there's just
more opportunties to have this caliber
of race on that side of the world so
that's good so we've been really
fortunate we've gotten a lot of
opportunities to run these
marathons but you can't help but think
all right if you have a
six-star and you're paying your way to
go to all of
them it's quite expensive it's very
expensive yeah so there is kind of an
entry to barrier you got to have the
money for travel MH and that includes
hotels flights food when you're there
time off to time off exactly so adding a
seven do you think that's a good idea or
do you think it would be kind of cool to
have like two sides of the world have
like they could have their six we could
have our six and then if you wanted to
get all 12 you could
travel that's interesting cuz then would
you take Tokyo out of our six and add
another six another one for us I think
you would I think that you would go
ahead and kind of do Western Hemisphere
Eastern Hemisphere and then if you want
to get cuz it's going to they're going
to bump it up to nine uhhuh so we're
almost at 12 anyway okay I mean they'll
do three more you know it's going to
keep going now you might as well be 12
right but do like cuz then you could you
could get six stars on the Western
Hemisphere you can get six stars on the
Eastern Hemisphere and then if you want
to be a megalomaniac you could do 12
Stars
yeah yeah that's an interesting idea I
like that because it it makes it so the
travel is not so honorous so that's
interesting but I also feel like my
favorite one was Tokyo mine too and if
there were like a western hemisphere six
I definitely would never have gone to
Tokyo I also think that that was your
best kit for any major you looked sharp
in that one I like the light green like
you look strong you ran that one pretty
well too that was a strong marath R wow
okay that's also maybe why it was your
favorite I liked it do it because there
was out and backs and so running a
slower Pace than someone like you uhhuh
I got to see you several times going
back and forth so I really enjoyed that
part of it but we were talking about you
have a six-star medal and everybody's
familiar that's almost iconic at this
point yeah Sydney comes along you're
thinking oh they're going to make a
sevenstar medal they're not I know yeah
how do you feel about that I feel like
it's I get the reasoning if they're
going to add two more in relatively
quick
succession
um but I also feel like if you don't get
a new medal when you complete all seven
is it are they all really Majors not all
majors are created equal it feels like
you know and so that's where I feel like
they should have make a sevenstar medal
they should make an eight star medal and
they should make a Nine Star medal or
wait till all three races are ready at
the same time and make a nine I agree
with that like like it's almost like if
you're going to you know you they're
talking about adding Shanghai and what
was Cape Town so Shanghai Cape Town and
Sydney why not just add the three and
just be like let's do it Nine Star metal
yeah I mean I think the hard thing is
they have to help all those cities ramp
up right they have to make sure that
they can handle twice as many more like
Runners as they currently handle um and
that's not something you can just ly
doing one year and that's why there's a
process right but I feel like run all of
them through the process at the same
time you know like instead of doing one
city at a time like I'm going to say
something
controversial it just seems like a lot
if you've got to do nine now like that's
a lot of money like it's already really
expensive to do the six-star mhm now you
don't have to do all the majors in the
world but you know people are going to
want to it's kind of like a Pokemon
thing collect them all collect them all
and how are you going to sit there and
just go ahead and add three more
marathons and let's just talk Financial
if you just say Okay each Marathon entry
fee around $200 right so that's the
least expensive thing yeah travel you're
probably talking to get to each one now
at least 5 grand mhm right wouldn't you
say cuz it's you're going to be paying
$500 a night for your hotel right and
airfare and all that stuff meals all
that so if you add three let's just
let's be conservative and say it's 5,000
per per Marathon per person you may have
to bring a family member so you don't
you know get into trouble you're talking
right there
$15,000 to collect three more marathons
y it's expensive for sure it's not a
cheap sport when you're doing
marathoning like this isn't it funny
when you get started you're like ah it's
a chose need a pair of anymore not
anymore but I think that the reason why
I'm not like necessarily offended by the
nine uh or even 12 if we got to 12 is
the idea that like
you know there's friends of ours who did
all six in one
year I feel like when you make it N9 or
you make it 12 then you're really
talking about something that is a real
lifelong Pursuit and so the
the the metal at the end becomes more
than just like yeah I went and did these
six races it's like no I've dedicated
myself to a lifetime of running and this
is the kind of crowning achievement
overall so what year did you do your
first major cuz you probably didn't
start at the level you are now right
what year was your first major 2017 and
what was it Chicago Hometown uhhuh was
it easier to get was that part of the
reason you did it was it was a HomeTown
Marathon yeah yeah did you have any like
aspirations to run all sixs at that time
no no I just wanted to run Chicago a
bunch of times that's you know it is fun
in your home City to watch like kind of
like the explosion that like Chicago's
the first one I did and to see an entire
city transformed into running I thought
all the marathons from then on out were
going to be kind of like that and
there's plenty of marathons where you go
and the city doesn't even know what
marathon's going on exactly like you're
having dinner and they're like oh what
are you here for yeah the what oh
there's a race tomorrow oh okay man
traffic going to be bad you know all
right well Mike they're closing up the
uh running event we've pretty much
closed it out I'm sure you've been busy
you're going to have tons of content to
share with your fans uh was there
anything that you thought you was like
the most exciting thing here I get that
question a lot for everyone the answer
I've been giving them is the answer I
usually give every year I'm really
excited about Brooks this year oh really
mhm I have to say the addition of
peba we to talk about that that we talk
about that right yeah oh wait cuz I
already published a video on it the four
PB yeah okay and the PB gold the DNA
gold yeah DNA gold okay yeah so they're
coming out with the racer this spring
that's going to have it's the same as
the four but it's going to have packs in
it Y which you may or may not if you
haven't watched believe in the Run know
that it was a little thorn in my side
and it took took to this point to get it
not he was disappointed
yeah and you may have been grounded but
that's coming out and then a entirely
new racer is coming out in the fall um
you can check it out
uh I'm sure Mike you'll have videos on
it uh I thought that was in embargo for
a little while I didn't film it oh they
let us they let us do it so if you don't
want to watch it on my channel go over
to believe in the run and see it over
there see it yeah um but yeah their
product is
getting I'd say they they kind of got
into a boring rut and we're starting to
see some excitement come out of there
which is to me important for their brand
and they're doing it in a way that still
is true to their existing customer but
they're bringing in new people which I
think is a great thing to do yeah I have
to say you didn't ask but I have to say
I was really impressed with the way that
satisfy is growing the brand and how
they're kind of creating
this dress to run brand and it it's has
performance it works it works on the
trails not just fashion but it certainly
is it's like a style or a vibe that is
just kind of
elevating the entire sport I think
you're going to see some of the things
are doing trickle into Brands because
they're going to have to provide that
level of of beautiful product into their
line I I mean I didn't get the chance to
go to the satisfy Booth but I appreciate
what they're doing in terms of like
running clothes can be very functional
but they can also be a really great way
if you want to express yourself with
what you're wearing when you run there's
an option for you and again I think
that's important and we can't really
talk about
specifics but they've done a lot of shoe
collabs with Poca and norta and some
other shoe brands they're finally coming
out with their own shoe okay and it's
it's beautiful um very thoughtful um I
think you're going to dig it all right
cool I can't wait all right that's it
from the running event with the slow Co
low energy show oh man thanks everybody
I like that slow Co energy show or low
energy show yeah there we go thanks
house
all right guys I think that's going to
be it from TR I've seen all the brands
went to all the meetings sampled all the
samples now I'm going to head out by the
way for me if I could bring back one
shoe it would be the gakuo turbo that
thing was
[Music]
gorgeous now of course TR doesn't and
just because the showroom floor is
closed there was a happy hour at flow
tracks headquarters just down the street
and then there was the Brooks Afterparty
with y'all Out Boy I don't have a ton of
footage from either of these events for
a few reasons first I don't love filming
people when it's socializing time and
we're off the clock second I was
exhausted and didn't feel like filming
and third I just wanted to enjoy time
with my friends for what might be the
last time in a long time this trip was
my last trip of an incredibly busy
travel year and going forward I'll be
rethinking where I spend my time in the
Running World I've had so many great
memories but if I want to make room for
new experiences I know it means I will
have to let go of some old ones in this
entire TR I've been quietly and
sometimes not so quietly letting people
know that I might not be back again next
year and while that might be very
difficult ult and counterintuitive for
someone who reviews shoes for a living
too I at least know that this conference
that I have enjoyed so thoroughly the
past several years is in good hands
[Music]
w
[Music]

---

# New Balance More v5

I rule the world imagine
that I free all my son R in my GNX with
a need a baker and the tap deck it's
going to be a sweet love apologies
I want to see y GE up don't acknowledge
me then maybe we can say it's fair take
it to the internet and I'mma take it
there miss my uncle L he said that he
would kill me if I didn't make it now
I'm possessed by a spirit and they can't
take it used to bump the car to three I
held my R chain proud irony I think my
hard work let little wing down

---

# Turkey Trot. 20th OA. 2nd AG

[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
2 and half mile week first mile all
downhill Second Mile all uphill the last
half mile this just a wild crazy
up the Finish First mile
ripping billion double dollar I'm far
from a scholar but they still ask me to
speak to the students at Harvard oh yeah
what you tell them told them them
and not any game my life a monopoly yes
I'm living it properly yes I got change
around my neck but first I invested in
propertys for GR FK be a good Mama be a
good daddy be a good person I love the
man I become don't want to see the hood
version I came from nothing now I'm
surging on Ro day on my wife is whiter
than yo but she not woke she was never
sleep

---

# ASICS Novablast 5

this is the novablast 5 and once again
they're changing the midsole foam this
year the Nova blast will feature FF
blast Max a foam that is lighter than
the foam in a last year's Nova blast but
with the trend of super Foams making
their way into daily trainers will FF
blast Max be enough for as6 to keep up
it's time to lace up the no blast 5 and
take it for a run
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm a non Elite Runner reviews running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to talk to you guys all about the A6
Nova blast 5 but before I give you my
thoughts on this shoe I do want to go
over some disclosures this is a pair of
shoes that is accent to me for the
purpose of revie so I did not have to
pay for these shoes however nobody's
paying me to make this video or to
include their shoe in this video and no
one's going to get a chance to preview
any of my footage of my thoughts before
you guys get a chance to see this video
on YouTube so with that disclosure out
of the way let's talk about the Nova
blast 5 and let's start with the specs
this is a 41.5 MM stack heite shoot with
an 8 mm drop giving us 33.5 mm of Stack
height in the for foot I believe those
are the same specs as last year as far
as stack height and drop now the women
do get a different stack height the drop
stays the same but they're a millimeter
lower in the heel and in the forfoot and
the big story for this year is the
upgrade of the Nova blast to FF blast
Max this is a brand new foam that is
supposed to provide a more responsive
bounce according to A6 and it's also
supposed to be lighter so even though
these two shoes the Nova blast 4 and the
Nova blast 5 look very similar and if
anything it looks to me like the novast
5 has a little bit more foam to it the
Nova blast 5 does come in a little bit
lighter now on the outsole on this shoe
there is a very familiar kind of pattern
of rubber that's on here it is slightly
different than what we saw in last
year's version 4 but we're getting the
same rubber compound and we're basically
getting it in the same areas and to the
same depth so the rubber is still a
little bit on the thick side if you ask
me moving to the upper we have a brand
new upper material as well this year the
Nova BL goes to a jaquard mesh it's a
double layer mesh that is very stretchy
and also very breathable it also feels a
little bit thinner than the material
that we saw in the Nova blast 4
something that isn't thinner though and
something that I think unfortunately
isn't thinner is that the tongue is
still kind of on the puffy side and I
feel like as the years have gone on the
tongue on the Nova Blast has gotten
puffier and puffier even though I'm
really wishing they would just take the
knit tongue from the Nimbus series and
put that into NOA blast I think that
would be really fun to run in and in the
heel cup of this shoe we're still seeing
that same overly padded puffy foam it
makes for a very comfortable slip-in
experience when your foot goes into the
shoe and wearing it around casually it
is really nice but I feel like for
running especially in hot days it's not
really that hot here in Crystal Lake
anymore but on hot days that's
definitely going to be a bit of a sweat
collector as the Nova Blast has been
pretty consistently in the heel for the
past couple of years we do still retain
the pull tab though for easy on in the
shoes and overall this shoe comes in at
an updated weight of 255 G or just at 9
[Music]
oz now that we talked about what this
shoe is like on paper let's talk about
what it's like on the road the Nova
blast 5 is a faithful successor to the
Nova blast lineage there's a great
amount of cushion in this shoe and
there's a great amount of Bounce I feel
like it also picks up the pace as well
so not only can it do your daily
training run and handle those
run-of-the-mill everyday runs that
you're doing most of the week most of
the time but if you've got a light
workout like a fart lick or an uptempo
run or maybe you just got an easy run
with them strides in it the Nova blast 5
is going to be really fun and really
comfortable for you to be able to put
those miles in now I think that the word
that a lot of you guys who have been
watching me review the Nova Blast for
the last five iterations are probably
looking for is whether it's chaotic and
I will say that the Nova blast 5 isn't
chaotic it's more like the Nova blast 4
than it is like the Nova Blast 3 but I
do think that the FF blast Max foam is
doing a really good job of kind of
giving me more Nova blast 3ish sensation
without it feeling chaotic so I feel
like it kind of splits the difference
between the Nova Blast 3 and the Nova
blast 4 fans and so it's not as
potentially unstable to as many people
but it's still a lot of fun to be able
to run in the upper on the shoe is is
really comfortable even more comfortable
than the Nova blast was last year and I
think because the material is thinner I
does feel like there's a little bit more
room and it's a little bit more
forgiving in terms of fit in the forfoot
so those of you who are kind of on the
bubble between sizes last year because
it might have been a little bit too snug
for you I think you might be able to
stay at your regular size for the Nova
blast 5 I do feel like overall the upper
is a big improvement over last year
although I would love to see the tongue
stop being so overbuilt and the Heel Cup
being so overly padded as far as the
outo goes I feel like we have a very
similar setup it's the same compound and
arranged in pretty much the same pattern
and thickness as it was last year so if
you've been able to run in the Nova
blast 4 without any traction or grip
issues you should be definitely fine in
the Nova blast 5 personally I feel like
I could go with a little bit less rubber
cuz I feel like it would further enhance
the experience you're getting from the
FF blast Max I think as it is the amount
of rubber that's on the outsole is
muting The Experience just a little bit
that being said I think the Nova blast 5
is a set it and forget it kind of shoe
I'm having a lot of fun with it I can
run in it all day long and it's an
excellent example of a daily
[Music]
trainer before we close out the video
Let's zoom out and see where the noble
S5 sits within a broader A6 lineup now
whenever I take a look at a running shoe
brand I like to start with the daily
trainer and that's exactly what a Nova
blast is it's the shoe that sits in the
middle of your running shoe rotation
it's kind of the base of it all the shoe
that you're running in most often it's
built to be comfortable enough to be
used multiple times per week and also be
durable enough to handle that kind of
mileage and then for racing the carbon
plated shoe that I like from A6 is the
meta speed sky and this is the meta
speed Sky Paris that's going to go over
here now in between these two shoes for
something that is maybe a little bit
faster than you might want for every day
but maybe not quite as special that
you'd have to break out your erasing
shoes that's where a training companion
or session shoe like the magic speed 4
comes into play it's got a little bit of
daily training features it's got a
little bit of race day features built in
now for days where you're going to be
spending a lot of time on feet maybe
it's a recovery run you want to be a
little bit nicer to your body that's
where a shoe like the Glide ride Max
comes into play it's a little bit more
cushioned a little bit more chill and
has a lot more comfort features built
into it it's also the first shoe that we
saw that introduced at least a little
bit of FF blast Max foam in here and
then from as6 there's also a fifth shoe
that kind of is a category straddler but
this is the super Blast 2 this has
racing foam in it FF turbo plus the same
turbo plus that's in the race sto but
it's in a really tall sack heite and it
has no carbon fiber plate it also has a
little bit of daily training film on the
bottom to help with longevity and also
to stabilize this foam this is a shoe
that some people use as a kind of long
slow distance kind of shoe or recovery
day shoe and it does a good job of that
but I kind of like it for longer runs
where I might have to pick up the pace a
little bit and having that super foam is
a nice little touch so this is like a
five shoe rotation from as6 that I think
could be really fun but I I'm not
recommending that people go out and buy
all five of these shoes in fact there's
a lot of ways that I think that kind of
like this can be paired down so the
first thing I'm going do is I'm going to
remove two shoes from this and I feel
like if I wanted to go with a three shoe
rotation from A6 I'd get rid of the glid
ride Max and the magic speed 4 not that
they're not good shoes but I just feel
like if we're trying to consolidate a
little bit this is a really good way to
consolidate here use your Nova Blast for
your everyday your super Blast 2 for
your long runs and long run workouts and
then for your fastest stuff that's where
you reach for the race day shoot now if
I were to really push it and force
myself to have only two a six shoes in a
rotation I think the shoe that I would
remove would be the Nova blast 5 not
that I don't love that shoe but I feel
like the super Blast 2 is pretty
versatile it can handle everyday running
and it can also do some workouts as well
and then you've got the meta speed Sky
Paris as your race Day Option and I feel
like this could be an expensive but
doable two shoe rotation cuz keep in
mind the super Blast 2 is $200 now you
might be asking well what about the
other Marathon racing shoe that A6 has
and that is the meta speed Edge Paris
and I feel like this is an either or
whether you're using a two shoe three
shoe five shoe rotation you're probably
either going to like the metaed edge
Paris or The Meta speed Sky Paris I kind
of use them in the same rotation because
I happen to have both of them but
realistically for most Runners it's
going to be an either or and I prefer
the metas speed
[Music]
Sky now let's wrap up the video by going
over the binding guide and we'll talk
about some Alternatives that you want to
consider the Nova blast 5 is an
excellent example of a daily trainer it
can do a little bit of everything from
recovery runs your everyday runs to
moderate workouts and strides this shoe
goes on sale soon December 1st at a
price of $140 so inflation has not hit
the Nova blast series yet but because
the Nova Blast has been around for a
while there are also some other options
to consider in the Nova blast family for
example you can get $10 discount right
now on the Nova blast 4 and in some very
select sizes you can find the Nova Blast
3 still around for
$100 so those are some other options
that you might want to also consider
because while there are some differences
between these shoes amongst the Nova
blast Fanatics for most people getting
an earlier version of novablast to save
you a couple of bucks is definitely
something that is a viable option but
there's also a lot of heat coming from
other brands in 24 and into 5 so let's
take a look at some of those I think the
biggest competition that the novablast 5
faces is from Adidas and that's going to
be the Evo SL this is a shoe that has
all racing super foam in the midlle the
same Light Strike Pro that was in the
adios Pro 3 but it doesn't have a carbon
fiber plate or those energy rods that
the adios Pro Series has had the upper
is built more for daily training but it
doesn't have a super puffy tongue or
heel cup and I feel like this shoe is an
excellent daily as well and it does a
very good job of even moderate to hard
workouts it'll be interesting to see how
this shoe holds up as a daily trainer as
we don't typically associate Light
Strike Pro with longevity and durability
that you'll need for daily training but
if it could even come kind of close to
the kinds of numbers in terms of miles
that you can run in this shoe before it
uses its usable life I think this is
going to be an incredibly difficult
shoot for any brand to compete against
in 202 5 and it's only $10 more than the
Nova blast 5 the Evo SL comes out at
$150 which I believe is a very
aggressive price now there are trickle
drops here and there where you might be
able to get this shoe now but supplies
are very limited in each of those little
mini drops the broader release doesn't
happen until March of 2025 which for me
or depending on how much you run might
be plenty of time to pick up a NOA blast
5 and then pick up an Evo SL if you're
only going to get one of those two shoes
and I feel like people watching this
channel regularly are probably not going
to only get one of these two shoes but
if you're only going to get one and
you're deciding between the Evo SL and
the Nova blast 5 and you can wait till
March of 2025 and probably pick the Evo
SL now the other shoe that I want to
take a look at is another shoe that uses
super foam and I'll use super foam in
air quotes here because it's zumex in
the Pegasus plus and I'm using air
quotes with this because I don't really
think and I haven't heard officially
from Nike one way or the other but I
don't think that the zoomx foam that's
in the Pegasus plus is the same zoomx
foam that we're seeing in the actual
race product like in the alphafly 3 or
in the vapor fly but it is a really good
daily training foam and a lot of the
same things that I would say nicely
about the Nova blast 5 I can kind of
copy paste and put onto the Pegasus plus
as well it's a really great daily
trainer you could take it for some
moderate workouts I do feel though that
the Pegasus plus has a little bit more
of an aggressive geometry with a 10 mm
drop versus no Nova blast 8 and I do
feel like there is slightly less foam
that you're standing on in the shoe in
terms of what it feels like underfoot so
it feels like it's a little bit less
cushioned and it is a little bit more
snug in the forefoot and the Pegasus
plus comes in at a substantial premium
of $180 so while the Pegasus plus is one
of my favorite daily Trainers for 2024 I
definitely would pick the Nova blast 5
so do I think that going into 2025 that
daily trainers absolutely have to have
super Foams as table stakes in in order
to be competitive I think the answer is
no and I think that the FF blast Max and
the Nova blast 5 are really good
examples of that but I do think that as
we go and as that trend of putting super
Foams into daily trainers continues what
you're doing with those Foams is going
to have to be pretty special in order to
keep up if you have any other questions
about this shoe or any of the shoes that
I mentioned today feel free to put them
in the comments down below or better yet
stop by the last thing I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run Club
Channel I'd love to talk to you guys
over there in the chat that's all for
today everybody thanks so much for
making all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I'll see
you in the next one yo what's going on
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]

---

# Puma Fast R2 - After 100 Miles

I was skeptical when Puma first told me
about their new alphatic TPU super foam
especially when they told me that it was
not only fast but highly durable and
while the super foam has delivered in
the performance Department how is it
holding up after extensive use let's
talk about the fast R2 after 100 miles
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi I'm
a non Elite Runner who reviews running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to talk to you guys all about the Puma
fast R2 after 100 miles but before I
give you my thoughts on this shoe I do
want to go over some disclosures this is
a pair of shoes that Puma sent to me for
the purpose of review so I did not have
to pay for these shoes however nobody's
paying me to make this video or to
include their shoe in this video and no
one's going to get a chance to preview
any of my players or my thoughts before
you guys get a chance to see this video
on YouTube so with that disclosure out
of the way let's talk about the Puma
fast R2 after 100 miles and let's start
with how I've been using the shoe I
didn't have a chance to race in this
shoe unfortunately but I have been using
it for a lot of race type situations in
other words I've been using it for my
toughest workouts and my most rigorous
long runs those long runs that have a
lot of marathon effort work in them but
my absolute favorite way of using this
shoe is for threshold mile repeats or
any other types of threshold work where
you'd benefit from that really strong
sense of carbon spring and power that
I'm getting from each step in this shoe
but at the same time there's also a lot
of cushion in this shoe as well so
you're getting the Best of Both Worlds
where you're getting impact absorption
but it also still feels like a very fast
and bounding type of shoe the upper
furry has been very comfortable it is a
bit on the snug side but it hasn't been
crunching my toes at all and just about
the only thing that I'd warn you guys
about is this little point in the back
of the heel cup here there's a little
seam that runs along the back of the
shoe that can be a little bit abrasive
if you're not wearing a sock that comes
at least over the top of the shoe
otherwise I've been really enjoying the
fit on this one it's plenty breathable
with this semi-transparent Ultra weave
material that they've been using and I
think just about the only downside that
I have for this shoe is it's a little
bit on the heavy side it comes in at a
stated weight of 240 G or just under 8.5
o with put it pretty much in the middle
of daily trainer
category now that we talked about how
I've been using the shoe let's talk
about how the shoe has physically been
holding up now I had big expectations
coming into this 100 mile review because
when I talked with Puma about it this
time last year when the shoe was first
introduced to the public they told me
that this new aliphatic TPU foam that
they have is not only the lightest
material that they've ever used and also
the springiest material they've ever
used but it's also the most durable
super foam material that they've ever
used as well they're telling us that it
could get up to 400 km of use or about
250 useful miles Which is far beyond
what I would normally expect for a shoe
in this category of Premium race day
product and for me I would say that the
foam is still holding up really well I
do think that it feels a little bit
different than it felt right out of the
box from a year ago but that's to be
expected even the most durable daily
training or even Max cushion shoe Foams
are going to feel different out of the
box than they do at 100 miles but I do
feel like this shoe is holding up better
than most Ras product holds up after the
course of a year of usage as it took me
to get to 100 miles in this shoe I'm
still feeling a lot of that great impact
absorption from the road and I'm still
getting a really strong sense of push
off and decompression of that foam that
nice pop Sensation that I'm looking for
now a lot of that is aided by the carbon
fiber plate that is very springy in this
shoe but both the plate and the foam
here are part of the same midsole system
and that whole midsole system is working
really well here now I know that
creasing of the foam really isn't an
accurate indicator of how modern super
Foams are or are not degrading but there
isn't really a lot of creasing on the
foam that I'm seeing on this shoe and
the only kind of like foam degradation
that I'm really seeing is from the
colorization of it now I think that like
other modern super Foams I don't know
that this foam can really take color
like Eva for example can take color and
so it looks like part of the paint layer
that's on the shoe is definitely coming
off but other than that the the foam
itself is holding up really nicely on
the outsole the pumer grip that's here
is really robust and also doing really
well I feel like I've not been babying
this shoe at all in fact some of my
early runs that I did on this shoe were
on dirt roads or gravel roads that were
not the most forgiving and pretty rough
in terms of nonuniform sizes of rocks
that were on the surface and Puma did
reach out to me and thank me for even
trying to test the shoe in those kinds
of situations as well because a lot of
people are concerned about that exposed
carbon fiber plate and how a shoe like
this that's intended for road racing
could handle a variety of different
surfaces now I'll say that I probably
wouldn't use this shoe for a trail race
but it's not a shoe that you have to
really worry about it breaking or it
being too fragile to take on anything
except for some of the most pristine
race like conditions this is a shoe that
you can really beat up and that's all
that I've done with it in a variety of
temperatures in a variety of surfaces
the shoe has held up really well and the
rubber outsole is doing a fantastic job
of protecting the foam that is here in
this shoe even going to the upper I feel
like it's holding up well it's
definitely molded a bit to the shape of
my foot again that seam in the back is
kind of starting to fray a little bit
and I think that's friction between that
little seam and uh my sock as I'm
running in the shoe but it's not at risk
of becoming undone everything's still
holding together really well now I don't
plan on taking this shoe to 250 Mi to
fully test Puma's claims on the
durability and longevity of the shoe but
based on how excited I am even in the
last month to get back in the shoe to do
some tough sessions and workouts I feel
like there's still plenty of life left
in this shoe and it's going to be one of
the more durable Premier race product
shoes that you're going to be able to
find on the market
[Music]
today before we wrap up this video Let's
zoom out a little bit and see where the
Puma fast R2 fits within the broader
Puma lineup now whenever I take a look
at a running shoe brand as a whole I
always like to start with the daily
trainer and for Puma that's going to be
the velocity Nitro 3 it's got a really
nice Nitro foam or a nitrogen infused
super critical foam in the midsole that
makes for a nice Snappy experience it's
also highly durable both in the midsole
out soole and upper so it can handle
being the shoe that you go to most
frequently in your daily training lineup
and then for your races that's where I
would reach for a shoe like the fast R2
that's going to sit over here on the far
end of the speed Spectrum this is the
shoe that you're going to save for your
races and your biggest most tough
workout now anything that's kind of in
between what you would use for a daily
trainer and what you would use for your
race race day I think that's where a
shoe like the DV8 neure 3 comes in it's
a session shoe or a training companion
to your race shoes and it's one of the
best in its class at doing that as it
combines a lot of daily training
features and a lot of race like features
now on a day where you're recovering
after a big workout or a big race that's
where a really nice comfy shoe like the
Puma mag Max comes in it's a very tall
very squishy but also a bit bouncy of a
shoe so it's still a lot of fun even
though it's for of those days where you
probably feel the least like running on
that day it's a great shoe to have and
this is a nice Puma running rotation for
20124 now you might be asking a question
like well what about the other carbon
plated racing shoe that Puma has the DV8
Nitro Elite 3 this is going to be an
either or situation for the race option
you're either going to use the fast R2
or you're going to use the nitro Elite 3
there are two different options
depending on what you're looking for in
your carbon plate eraser this is a
little bit more of a a fast turnover
really powerful clawback sensation
rather than a really powerful push off
sensation and that's how I differentiate
these too I have been really enjoying
this for my fastest intervals and my
toughest speedwork sessions although I
think overall even though that one is
much lighter I am leaning towards the
fast R2 as my favorite between the two
Puma race product options this is a lot
of shoes four potentially five shoes to
be able to sort from from a rotation I
know most people don't run like that if
I were try to reduce it down to three
shoes the shoe from Puma that I would
eliminate would be the velocity I feel
like for me it's a little bit on the
firm side and a lot of the daily
training tasks could be shifted over to
the deviate Nitro 3 so this could be a
really fun three shoe rotation but
because of the durability of the
aliphatic TPU that's available in the
fast R2 and also in the DV8 Nitro Elite
3 I think that you can really get away
with a very fun and very functional two
shoe rotation from puma and for that as
much as it pains me to eliminate one of
my favorite shoes the DV8 Nitro 3 I
think you could really do it with just
two shoes in the Puma lineup right now
you could do all of your easy running in
the magmax because even though it is big
and heavy and cushioned it still got a
little bit of Pep to it so you can still
use it very easily for all your daily
training miles your recovery miles
everything you use a daily trainer 4
this is going to be a good option
especially if you're one of my bigger
taller friends and then when it comes to
anything that needs to go fast you can
reach for your fast R2 and because it
has that durability in that new
aliphatic TPU foam it's going to be able
to handle all of your workouts in
addition to your racing and this could
be a really fun two shoe
[Music]
rotation now let's wrap up the video by
going over the buying guide and we'll
also talk about some Alternatives that
you might want to consider the Puma fast
R2 is one of my favorite carbon plated
Racing shoes and it's going to be a
really fun option for you if you like a
powerful push-off Sensation from a
quickly decompressing foam and a springy
carbon fiber plate but at $260 I feel
like it's a touch expensive and maybe
I'm picking nits here but I feel like it
should come down about at least $10 to
make up for a little bit of the extra
weight that you're going to have to
carry around to be in this shoe now
there is a prior version of The Fast R
the fast R1 or just the fast R but it's
a substantially different shoe and it's
not really something that I would
consider to be a viable alternative so
let's take a look at some other brands
to see what's available as an option to
also consider now the first shoe that I
want to talk about really doesn't feel
the same or similar to the fast R2 but I
think it's built for the same type of
Runner and that's going to be from as6
and this is the meta speed Sky Paris now
I feel like even though this is on the
other end of the weight Spectrum as the
fast R2 the fast R2 is one of the
heavier carbon plated shoes you can buy
and the metas speed Sky Paris is one of
the lightest I feel like the way that
the plate is positioned on this shoe and
then the way that the foam is being
utilized here it's also trying to
capitalize on Runners who really enjoy a
strong sense of push off from the forf
foot in their Marathon shoe so if you're
kind of drawn to one you'll be drawn to
the other even though they have very
different Sensations but the metas speed
Sky Paris comes in at $250 price point
that I like for premium race product now
the next shoe that I'm going to talk
about I think feels more similar to the
fast R2 in terms of the runner who it's
designed for and the way that the shoe
feels and that shoe is from Hoka it's
the very underrated clo X1 now both of
these shoes I think are targeting that
same powerful stride and push off
sensation I think there's a lot of
similarities in the geometry and the way
that these shoes are built that they're
trying to achieve those goals now with
the cell X1 I think you are getting even
more cushion and impact absorption from
the road although I think that the push
off sensation is slightly muted compared
to the fast R2 so there's a little bit
of give and take there the other thing
about the cello X1 which is maybe why
it's not so underrated and maybe
properly rated is that the cello X1 is
even heavier coming in at almost 9
ounces which puts it in Pegasus plus
territory Nova blast 5 territory in
terms of weight and it comes in at a
retail price of
$275 so $25 more expensive than I really
think the shoe should be so it's a it's
a very viable and interesting
alternative but it has a lot of the same
drawbacks as the fast R2 does but those
are my thoughts on the fast R2 and the
competition that's out there let me know
in the comments down below if you have
any other questions about this shoe or
any of the shoes that I talk aled about
today or better yet stop the live stream
that I do Mondays and Thursdays over on
the kuuu Run Club Channel love to see
you guys over there in the chat that's
all I for today everybody thanks so for
making all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I will
see you in the next one yo what's going
on
[Music]
oh

---

# On Cloudboom Strike LS

this is the cloud boom strike LS the
upper is made by a machine that sprays
on the upper cures it with UV light and
then inkjet prints on the color the
entire process takes only 3 minutes and
to see it in person is
remarkable but is this a shoe you can
actually run in it's time to pull on the
cloud boom strike LS and take it for a
run
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kzi and
I'm an non Elite Runner reviews running
shoes here on YouTube and today I'm
talking to you guys all about the on
cloud booom strike LS but before I give
you my thoughts on this isso I do want
to go over some disclosures this is a
pair of shoes that on sent to me for the
purpose over review so I did not have to
pay for these shoes however nobody's
paying me to make this video or to
include their shoe in this video and no
one's going to get a chance to preview
any of my footage or my thoughts before
you guys get a chance to see this video
on YouTube so with that disclosure out
of the way let's talk about the on cloud
boom strike light spray and let's start
with the specs we got 40 mm of sack
heite in the heel with a 5 mm drop
giving us 35 mm of stack heite in the 4
foot and in this shoe as far as the
midsole goes there's two components
there's helon HF that's on super foam it
is a biobased PBX material that uses at
least 40% biobased materials I believe
it is the same compound that we see in
the nonl spray version of the cloud boom
strike now something to keep in mind
about these two shoes is that other than
the differences in the upper there are
some significant differences in the
midsoles of these shoes even though they
do share a Midol foam compound one of
the things that you'll know if you look
at them kind of carefully is that there
are four clouds or those holes in the
midsole that an is known for in the
cloud boom strike LS and there's only
three in the midsole of the cloud boom
strike and the other thing to keep in
mind is that these clouds are in a
different position both vertically in
the stack of the shoe and forward to
back in terms of position of the shoe
the clouds in the cloud boom strike are
in the heel there's three of them here
and they're below the main portion of
foam that runs the length of the shoe in
the cloud boom strike LS we have four
clouds that run along the side of the
shoe they don't go all the way through
like a lot of clouds do in different on
shoes but they're also kind of in the
middle layer of the shoe here which is
something that I had wished that the
regular on cloud boob strike had done
because those clouds although they seem
kind of decorative they actually do have
a significant impact in the way that the
foam deflects and deforms something that
is similar though I believe between both
of those shoes is that they have a
carbon fiber speedboard now speedboard
is kind of like a carbon fiber plate but
on uses them in a wide variety of a lot
of their shoes and they're not always
made out of carbon when an is talking
about speed boards but the cloud boom
strike and for the cloud boom strike LS
those speed boards are made out of
carbon now on the outsole of the shoe we
have a pretty standard array of rubber
that we see in a lot of racing shoes
we've kind of got like the front third
of the shoe covered basically where
you're going to be pushing off from and
then we have got two little patches of
rubber along the heel now on the inside
of the shoe there is no strobo board
there's no insole in fact we have a
setup that I think is pretty similar to
what we saw in their Cloud boom strike
where they have like a kind of a drop in
insole SL midsole chunk that they put in
the shoe and at least when I asked them
about the regular Cloud boom strike on
says that they do this so that they can
remove the Strobel board and remove the
need for a separate insole you're
standing directly on that biobased PBX
now I I'm not brave enough to try and
remove the insole from the cloud boom
strike LS with the way it's constructed
I feel like it's an integral part of the
shoe It's seems more than just glued
down and now the the main story about
this shoe is the upper I had a chance to
go to New York for the popup that they
had set up there for the New York
Marathon and see the machine in action
uh I will say that it looks pretty much
exactly like what the promo videos for
light spray machine looks like online on
has put together a really cool video
that only takes 3 minutes to watch from
beginning to end about how this compound
is sprayed onto the shoe very much in a
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs kind
of way uh cured and then painted and
then kind of they go through the steps
it's not like you do all the spraying
all the curing and then all the painting
it kind of goes back and forth steps at
a time depending on what needs to be
done with the shoe uh but still
nevertheless it's a really fast and
fascinating process the one thing that
I'll say is when I watch the videos that
an puts together it kind of looks like
you could see the stream of the
substrate being applied to the shoe no
matter how close I looked at it and the
lighting wasn't perfect for trying to
depict this I couldn't see that spray it
just kind of looked like a sprayon wet
material was being applied to the shoe
and then as you kind of like stepped
back and like figuratively zoomed out
you could see that like material was
being added onto it and then every once
in a while they had to like run it under
a brush to kind of smooth everything
that had been sprayed onto the shoe then
they would cure it and then they would
add some more and then do a little bit
of painting and kind of repeat all those
processes until you were all done and
the result is a very lightweight
material that I believe is made out of
TPU I'm still waiting for confirmation
from on I'll update either in the
description or in a comment below if I
ever get a follow-up confirmation on
that but based on some of the stickers
and labels that they had to put inside
this shoe to prepare it for mass
production and for sale uh I believe
that the upper is made out of TPU and uh
despite what you might think it's
actually pretty robust I mean you can
really kind of Yank on it quite a bit
and it will stretch a little and the way
that they told me to try this on when I
had a chance to try it on in New York
was to kind of like stretch it a bit and
be aggressive with it so that way you
can open up the the opening by the ankle
to get your foot inside and then kind of
use your fingers as shoehorns to let
your foot get inside and then once your
foot's in it it all kind of like goes
back and morphs back into its original
position and and some of the sensations
that I'll say that I feel is that it
feels a lot less snug than I thought I
would it's certainly snug because
there's no laces on this thing uh but I
really thought that it was going to
Crunch and almost like vacuum seal in
all my toes I didn't get that at all but
I am getting like pressure across like
the widest part of my foot I feel like
it's um if I could use my hand as an
example if these are the pads of my feet
like right here at the ends of the pads
of my feet that's where I feel a little
bit of tension and I feel some tightness
on the shoe but otherwise it's really
comfortable and it doesn't really feel
like it's all that different at all
which is kind of what I want out of a
lot of technology I don't want it to
really feel all that different I just
want it to work and this upper
definitely works for me the other thing
that I was worried about is that kind of
like this Edge uh looks kind of
Unfinished and based on a lot of kind of
knit shoes which is the closest thing
that I was kind of mentally comparing it
to anytime there are these unfinished
edges and this goes high it's kind of
like a midtop uh I was worried that this
was going to cut into my skin and I
didn't have any problems with that at
all my low cut socks didn't always come
up over the edge of the light spray
material and even though there was a lot
of rubbing against my ankle none of it
ever caused any irritation uh much less
any chafing so that was a real surprise
as far as the upper goes and then when
you're touching the inside of it it's
really smooth almost creepy smooth kind
of like a synthetic leather fake skin
kind of texture on the inside it's it's
really quite amazing now altogether an
says that this shoe comes in at 170 G
and that is just incredibly light but
the size of shoe that they're using for
that 170 G figure is an 8.5 in US men's
which is smaller than a reference size I
do happen to be reference size and a US
men's size 9 for me in this pair of
shoes on my scales came in at 188 G
which is still incredibly light cuz it's
a me near 6.6 o making it one of the
lightest shoes on the market
[Music]
today now that we've talked about what
this Sho is like on paper let's talk
about what it's like on the road I'm
really enjoying the tweaks to the
midsole experience that we have in the
cloud boom strike LS I feel like there's
more cushion and softness in this shoe
but it's still exception Al good at fast
running when I'm running V2 max type
efforts or faster getting all the way up
to mile race Pace I feel like there is
an incredible smoothness to the entire
experience almost as if the shoe itself
is carving the asphalt that I'm running
along and it just really works well for
when I want to be as powerful and as
quick of a turnover as my legs will
allow me to produce but then when I dial
it back to some of the more intended
effort levels of the shoe when I'm
running threshold level or towards
Marathon effort Pace uh and I'm landing
a little bit more in the midfoot I feel
a little bit more of the kind of
Technology of the shoe I'm feeling the
clouds a little bit more because I'm
landing more midfoot and I'm feeling a
little bit more of the interaction I
guess there's more time for my body to
sense the interaction between the foam
and the carbon fiber plate and and how
all those things are interacting with my
stride and my pushup and I feel like
it's all working in a really nice and
Powerful way now on Marathon shoes have
a tendency for me to be a little bit
firmer than I'd like and I still think
that that applies to this Shue here and
I guess to kind of translate the
experience into something that I think a
lot of you will have tried before is I
think that kind of what I'm feeling in
the cloud boom strike LS reminds me a
lot of like the adios Pro one like the
Light Strike Pro that was in that shoe
um that was a little bit on the firm
side but ultimately had a good amount of
cushion and had a really great amount of
pop and give you a really powerful push
off and stride sensation I feel like I'm
getting a lot of those similar kinds of
feelings in the on cloud boom strike
light spray and I I know that a lot of
you guys have probably come here wanting
to hear all about this upper and and
have me go into Exquisite detail about
like how this is different from a
traditional running experience but I
think it's like running in a a shoe that
has a really good knit or otherwise
minimal upper but it's doing it in a way
that's extremely lightweight there's no
like potential problems that I'm really
foreseeing with this so far it fit
really well for me I took it on a really
tight turns and tangents and I didn't
feel like I was sliding around I feel
like a lot of the concerns that people
have with knit uppers are kind of being
recycled and reased for this shoe but
the material is both strong and flexible
it's both stretchy but also retains its
shape at at the the same time I'm not
really sure chemically scientifically
how all those things can go together but
they all seem to be going together
really well in this shoe I will be
keeping an eye on for a longterm usage
uh if the upper is going to stretch and
mold to my foot and kind of the
barometer that I'll be comparing it
against is not whether it stretches even
a little bit or not but does it stretch
more than say a traditional racing upper
does it stretch or deform more than a
knit upper and how much of that
deformation is happening relative to the
life expectancy of this midsole foam so
I don't need this upper to last like 300
miles like I would for a daily training
upper I just need it to be able to last
as long as the racing foam is going to
be good and that's something that I'll
definitely be keeping an eye on but for
those of you that are still like really
concerned about like how fragile uh this
material might be just know that they
are putting this into some racing Spike
prototypes so they feel like it's strong
enough to handle the even greater
pressures and forces that would have
from track athletes so I feel like that
gives you a good indication of how
resilient and strong that on thinks that
these materials are and I'm tending to
agree with them at least in my testing
of this shoe so far I'm not that
concerned about the longevity of this
upper
[Music]
now before we wrap up the video let's
take a moment and step back and see
where the cloud bam strike LS fits
within the broader on lineup especially
now that they have multiple marathon
Race product and then I'll also kind of
talk about some of the daily training
product that I especially like coming
from on now on has a lot of different
types of shoes that are for different
types of experiences of the ones that I
tend to like are the ones that use their
new shape of clouds the cloud Tech phase
uh clouds again are these holes that onp
puts into their shoes and the cloud teac
phase are the ones that are not as
rounded they're more kind of triangular
and the shape tends to change depending
on where in the shoe that they are and I
think a really great example of this
technology working well or this approach
working well is in the cloud Surfer I
think it's a really nice spongy comfy
daily trainer that's really comfortable
for easy miles and even a lot of
recovery miles as well and then the
other shoe that I would look to would be
the oncloud Clips this is a little bit
taller of the shoe and it can be used as
a recovery shoe and I like using it for
that but I also feel like it works
really well as kind of a good long run
shoe something that has some uptempo
miles in it maybe you're getting up to
marathon pace and maybe you've got some
easy miles and a couple of pace changes
between easy and marathon and I feel
like this shoe is really great for that
and again it's using that on cloud Tech
phase the new kind of cloud from on and
these would kind of be my daily training
the two two shoes that I would use in
the on lineup rotation and then for
anything faster than what these shoes
could really give me or if I had a
really long workout uh a long run with a
lot of marathon miles in it and a lot of
pace changes in it then that's when I'm
going to reach for the race product and
we'll put these aside for now because
here's where I think it gets a little
bit complicated now on currently has
three different shoes in the lineup uh
that are all considered Marathon product
and I've asked on about it and none of
these are going to be replacing each
other I think they're all going to
coexist in the on lineup at the same
time going forward for how much for more
forward I'm not really sure on didn't
really say but at least for now these
are all going to exist in the product
lineup at the same time and the first
one that I'll talk about is the one that
kind of came out first and this is the
cloud boom Echo 3 now the cloud boom
Echo used to be the only plate carbon
plated race shoe in the lineup and this
is where I feel like you know on says
that it's a marathon shoe but I really
feel like it's a 5k 10K racer it's a
much lower stack heite it's a much
firmer experience um and it's a very
Snappy type of shoe it doesn't have the
kind of like compression decompression
that I'm looking for in something that
I'm going to be running in for about 3
hours at a time I think an explained it
as a shoe that's really designed for
people that want to run really fast and
have a lot of ground feel which I think
is a nice way of saying it's firm and
then there is the cloud boom strike
which came out uh shortly after that in
the year uh a lot of people thought that
this is the same shoe that Helen o was
racing in but it's it turns out it's
quite different and the the light spray
is really the the shoe that's closest to
what she's been racing in but this is a
shoe that I feel like kind of adds some
stack height adds some softness to the
experience as well I think the plate
position gets tweaked a little bit in
this shoe too uh but you're feeling a
lot more of kind of like super Foams uh
in the cloud boom strike and then I
think like the softest and I think most
forgiving and I think also the most
exciting at the same time shoot of the
three is the cloud boom strike LS again
it's got the four clouds higher up in
the stack so it's closer to your foot uh
but also I feel like the combination of
the the featherweight upper and also the
midsole which feels like it might be a
little bit lighter and aier of a midsole
if you ask me um makes for just a really
fantastic experience and so these are
kind of three different but coexisting
options that are available for people
that really want to race in on shoes I
definitely have a favorite in here but
depending on kind of the level of
firmness or ground feel that you're
looking for in your race product there
is an option for you at
[Music]
on now let's wrap up the video by going
over the the buying guide and we'll also
talk about some Alternatives that you'll
want to consider if you're interested in
the cloud boom strike LS I think that
the on cloud boom strike LS is the best
Marathon shoe that on has ever made it's
fast it's incredibly lightweight it's
flexible I hope that on continues in
this direction of making Marathon shoes
that are more runnable to a wider array
of both Elite and non- Elite Runners but
for now at a retail price of $3 $30 for
the cloud boom strike Ls I'm not sure
that this is a shoe that I'm going to be
able to recommend to anyone except for
the most Avid shoe nerds and the most
fervent shoe collectors let's take a
look at some other shoes that are on the
marketplace right now that you might
want to consider instead so the first
thing that I will take a look at is
another shoe that I think is definitely
a little bit too expensive but it's the
closest experience that you're going to
be able to get and that's the shoe that
we've already talked about quite a bit
today that's the on cloud boom strike
and remember this isn't just a
difference in uppers there is a
difference in midsole design across both
of these shoes that I think makes a
pretty big difference I think that for
those of you who like a little bit less
cushion but a little bit more
responsiveness out of your race day
shoes I feel like this is the shoe that
you're actually going to really prefer
uh but for me I feel like it's on that
borderline of like I think I could take
it for the marathon distance but I'm not
sure I definitely personally would
prefer the light spray version of this
shoe that being said the upper here is
really comfortable it's still really
lightweight it does come in at almost an
ounce heavier though because it's using
traditional racing upper materials but I
feel like you're getting a lot of
similar experiences and this shoe comes
in at a I guess it's a more reasonable
$280 now the other shoe that I think we
should take a look at is a lot more
reasonably priced and that's from Adidas
and that's the adios Pro 3 and I
specifically I'm going to highlight the
three and not the four which will be
coming out later in 2025 uh and the
reason why I specifically want to talk
about the 3es because I feel like this
version of a Light Strike Pro is a foam
that feels more similar to the foam
that's in the on cloud boom strike light
spray and I feel like there is a
responsi to it it's definitely feels
fast and you're getting a lot of bounce
back from the foam uh and I feel like
there's a little bit of firmness to it
as well it's not uncomfortable it's not
hard by any means uh but it's a little
bit more firm than it would be say
cushioned and so there is a little bit
less of the compression but there's a
really quick and satisfying
decompression that comes with both of
these shoes now the adios Pro 3 is even
heavier still compared to the cloud boom
strike LS and the cloud boom strike but
it is readily available it's pretty easy
to buy even right now and it comes in at
a retail of
$250 so $80 cheaper than the light spray
so those are my thoughts on the OD Cloud
boom strike LS it's definitely a shoe I
like more than I thought I would and I
do think it is the best Marathon shoe
that an has put out hopefully this is a
technology that can become a little bit
more affordable and a little bit more
producible so that way they can make it
in inventory numbers where more of you
can try this out uh I don't think it's a
musthave technology but it is certainly
very interesting to try and for you sho
nerds out there you're going to want to
at least find a place to be able to try
it on and get a chance to experience it
hopefully you'll get a chance to do just
that if you have any other questions
about the cloud boom strike LS or any of
the shoes that I talked about today feel
free to put them in the comments down
below or better yet stop by the live
stream I do Mondays and Thursdays over
on the kfoi Run Club Channel I'd love to
talk to you guys over there in the chat
that's all I have for today everybody
thanks so much for making it all the way
to the end of this video hopefully you
guys are staying safe out there on your
runs and I will see you in the next one
yo what's going on
[Music]

---

# ASICS Novablast 5

you wow
man
bro me
tell and she came with the same type
game the type of girl giving out the
fake cell phone the name big F she like
cat big sh money clip flip the six range
and seen her on the half spot of the
more than once ass so fat that you can
see her from the front she spot me like
Paparazzi shot me a glance and that
Catwoman stands with the
pants hot

---

# New York Marathon 2024 - A Runner's Weekend

the World Marathon major season always
ends on the first Sunday in November
it's the most challenging course of the
series but the crowd support is
unmatched it's my favorite race for
chasing the pros and finding my friends
so let's hop on a plane and head east
this is a runner's weekend at the New
York Marathon
[Music]
yo what's going on just made it into New
York it's going to be a crazy busy
weekend here for the marathon already I
took care of some first things first
business checked in the hotel got myself
a slice and now I'm going to head over
to Under Armour and make some pasta
[Music]
when you're thinking about marathons
you're thinking about carbs and pasta is
definitely one of the runner favorite
ways of loading up under armor set this
media event at ant Jake a place that is
part restaurant and part pasta classroom
the ingredients were laid out on Long
workbenches along with images of the
ingredients of some of under armour's
best performance running product the
space was cozy welcome and intimate 2022
New York Marathon Champion Sharon Loy
was there to talk to us about how she
was feeling for the race in Just 2 days
and it was fantastic to hear from her
this way I've always been impressed with
her achievements in running and now I'm
a Sharon
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
fan sh
[Applause]
[Music]
all
right that was really great to be able
to hear from Sharon M I've never had a
chance to really hear from her like that
before so that was fantastic thanks
Under Armour for the invite now I'm
going to head back to the hotel let's go
find Drew get in some
[Music]
miles how you feeling Drew I'm feeling
good nice I'm glad that it's getting the
ts are going down for the running stuff
yeah it'll be good for
[Music]
them looks like there's a race happening
non sanction
[Music]
race what are these what are what are
those these are a wild ride that's
what look great they're perfect for the
concrete jungle oh
my so that was fun ended up running into
the Lost Boys relay race saw a lot of
friends down there chatted for a while
now we're going to wrap up this run head
back to the hotel get change up Qui
quick and then head over to the
endorphins
[Music]
party endorphins is a run club that has
exploded in popularity with chapters in
nine cities and a strong cheer squad
Presence at just about every race you've
likely seen them somewhere before this
year they've set up shop in the Shopify
space which is where Bandit had its
popup last year and on this evening they
were having their New York Marathon
weekend kickoff
[Music]
party from endorphins Drew and I decided
to head over to the craft Afterparty
there craft was unveiling their latest
carbon plated shoe the kite Pro a lot of
people there had just raced in the shoe
as there had been a take the bridge
event earlier that night they had
prototypes on display and I was able to
get a look at the unique carbon plate
there was a food truck outside the spot
and so many friends to catch up with
[Music]
inside and then afterwards Drew and I
decided to make one last stop before
calling it a night
[Music]
good morning it is about 8:00 a.m. in
the morning on I Saturday here in New
York today is a big day let's start it
with a ShakeOut with
Runa I am walking past the believe in
the Run event it's a long line
already trying to sneak by
undetected I don't know if that'll
happen
so what's going on guys how are
you
[Music]
hey Runa is a training app and they're
pretty big in Europe and the UK but
they're now trying to make a big push
for the US I'll be using the app to
train for the half marathon in Houston
and this weekend was the official
kickoff of the partnership guys wow
we're an official shake out for the
marathon 2024
[Music]
wo 3 2
1 once we got outside Runa had everyone
go through a quick warm-up we got the
group photo and then
[Music]
off a lot of congestion with the end of
the dash to the Finish 5K going on on
and kind of intersecting with our route
here but now that we're in the park
spreading out a little bit it's a
beautiful morning the r
[Music]
comfortable the halfway point was at the
reservoir and we stopped there to make
sure we had everyone we took another
group photo and then we headed back to
the Run of space
[Music]
we are back to some of the
congestion by the Finish
Line almost done almost back are you are
you in a red yes oh sorry yeah no no no
F there's so much congestion here you
know so oh my you can keep going I we're
almost done we're just a little bit down
[Music]
[Music]
all right just finished getting some
breakfast with Chase and Drew now Drew
and I are going to head back further
south and go check out the coffee Club
podcast is this the
way I don't know if this is Del way you
have half
away Drew did take us the right way and
the subway got us to the on popup pretty
quick but we still got to the podcast a
few minutes late so it was already a
packed house when we arrived I've been
listening to the coffee Club podcast for
a while it was good to be able to see a
live taping they had trivia Q&A from the
audience and even a little bit of
heckling of the OAC rookies it was a fun
show all I long to say to you oh
downstairs there was a bit of running
shoe history from on which is the kind
of thing that I always love to nerd out
on and then a chance to watch the
Shoemaker robot and even try on a demo
[Music]
pair yeah you make me so
nervous yeah say it's
true tight and
twisted that's what you
do my hands sh
[Applause]
it
[Music]
CL all right that's it for the on store
that was pretty amazing that robot's
cool I welcome our robot overlords as
long as they make good
shoes now we're going to head over to
Bandit
I think a lot of people forget that
Bandit is still a very young apparel
brand I have been to every New York
Marathon popup they've done and that
tradition only goes back to 2022 want to
welcome you guys to our uh first popup
they've come a long way in that amount
of time and this year they're releasing
a collab collection with a major running
shoe brand and personally I love the R
herana theme
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
race day morning started early for me
with a wake up time of about 4:30 a.m. I
did a big a digging to find out which
hotel is the athlete hotel and I wanted
to try and get some Paparazzi style
footage of the athletes as they boarded
their buses to Staten Island but like in
Chicago and in Boston the athlete hotel
is also a hotel for a lot of marathon
participants so it's a pretty busy
atmosphere in the morning people I know
both personally and professionally kind
of all over the place the athletes
though seem to be in really good spirits
most of them seemed chipper despite the
early hour but they were just very
[Music]
relaxed after the athletes left I had a
couple hours to put together a pre-race
reel and then I met Drew for
[Music]
breakfast okay we've got off the train
we got a little bit of time before the
athletes get in here let's get into
position we started the morning in
Brooklyn as we always do and this is my
favorite spot to watch the race as it's
early enough that all the pros are still
bunched up together but it's also
relatively less crowded so I can do my
thing running along with the athletes to
film them I put together a separate race
video that is more of a contemporaneous
account of everything that happened that
day so here what I'll do is I'll give
you a bit more of the behind the scenes
now with the way that the race waves are
staggered we always see the women first
and then the proen but in between there
is the MasterCard secret wave my friend
Ashley was in that wave as was feno who
is getting his six star while running in
a tuxedo of all things and then there
was Alexi p who is another perennial
runner in this
wave after we saw the men Drew and I had
to hustle to catch the train last year
we got super Lucky by connecting to the
express six train that took us up to see
the runners at Mile 19 with just a
moment to spare this year though we were
trying to get to 59th and see the pros
right after Queensboro Bridge at Mile 16
we knew the women would be far too fast
for us to see them there but we thought
we might have a chance for the men but
the train took longer than we expected
and the men were already gone before we
were out of the subway fortunately we
had Chase on the team to grab footage
for us at a couple of spots along the
course he saw the pros coming up first
ab and then again in the park near the
end of the race meanwhile Jew and I had
to run across Manhattan and then
navigate through security and the paths
of Central Park to get to the bleachers
of the East
grandstand there we had really good
access to see the athletes as they came
to the finish and because most people
who buy East grandstand tickets do so to
see their friends and family finish the
race and not to see the pros there was
ample space there there's also a private
set of porta potties there too which Jew
and I took advantage of after seeing the
pros come in and before we headed back
out on the course to find our
[Music]
friends now there's a special magic to
the New York Marathon the first is that
even though this race is gigantic and
this year's race would end up being the
largest Marathon ever you can usually
find your friends just a couple of weeks
ago I had loaded up a bunch of friends
into my tracker for the Chicago marathon
and I somehow ended up missing almost
all of them in New York though you'll
end up finding everyone you were looking
for and you'll also run into people you
didn't even know were racing like my
friend Nicholas who is one of the
founders of Chicago run crew 3 Run 2 and
even though you don't plan it you'll
also find Friends Along the course that
are always cheering like Hela who I
first met a few years ago while we were
each cheering for friends along the
course of the New York Marathon at Mile
8 in Brooklin Pro tip though cheering
for the New York Marathon is an
endurance event unto itself make sure
you eat Drew and I usually stop by this
Shake Shack that is on the course and as
we're eating if we see that one of our
friends is about to come through on the
tracker one of us stays in the
restaurant with the food while the other
goes out to cheer and we take turns this
year I was able to find Chloe who is a
runner who lives in the next town over
from me out in the suburbs of Chicago we
never actually met in person but we each
notice that we sometimes have some
familiar looking backgrounds in our
running videos and that's how we started
connecting this was Chloe's first
marathon and she did such a good job
while also raising a bunch of money for
charity
the last bit of magic that New York
offers is the final finishers even
though Aid stations may have to shut
down and the slowest Racers may have to
move to the sidewalks as roads Rea in to
car traffic the Finish Line itself waits
for every Runner to complete the mission
more than 10 hours after the last wave
starts in Staten Island there are still
Runners crossing the line in Central
Park and the New York Marathon keeps the
cameras rolling the lights are still on
and crowds line up to give these final
finishers a proper
welcome Ted metalis the race director
who is there to welcome the first
finisher of the race he also welcomes
the last finisher as they crossed the
line
too this year that last finisher was
Super Mario a 74-year-old Italian man
who finished his
35th New York Marathon
Ted gave me a hug as I finished my
marathon in Berlin and completed my six
stars a couple months ago so I can tell
you when I see Ted hug someone else at
the end of the race that Ted gives out
the best hugs and let me tell you
another New York Marathon Secret inside
the pouch that Ted wears is a packet of
wet whips and as Super Mario was getting
photograph
and about to be interviewed for TV Ted
made sure to First wipe the sweaty crust
from Mario's mouth so he would look his
best in his television
interviews at a time where maybe your
faith in the goodness of people may be a
bit
rattled know that the people you see
here are good people
know that empathy still does
exist thank you New York for this
reminder we need it now more than
[Music]
ever you
you
[Music]

---

# On Cloudboom Strike LS

[Music]
w
[Music]
w
[Music]

---

# New York Marathon 2024

[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
good J
[Music]
D what you do
the go let's
go all right the women are looking
strong I got a nice way from Dakota
she's so
bad all right let's go find the men
[Music]
come
onon let's
[Applause]
go CJ come on
[Applause]
R all right now we got to run and hustle
hop on a train and we'll see if we can
see the
pros porn time at around 16 I think
we're going to miss the women cuz
they're too fast and we see the men
again but we got to
go you
ready do let's
[Music]
go guys
we are not going to see the pros at 16
men or women we're going to try to make
it to the Finish it's going to be tight
they so fast
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
go
[Music]
22307 on the clock
my women will be finishing
soon oh yeah there she is
let's
go
wow come on
Sarah
Sarah let's
go yes
[Applause]
s yes
Sharon great job Sharon
let's go
dance let's go
dance let's go Maggie let's go mag
go yeah
Dakota oh here he
comes the guy
Spirit God
champion on to the day
[Applause]
[Applause]
taking out
there all right that's it for the pros
we're going to hit the uh P potties and
then go find some for friends
keep it up keep it great
job yeah
bro
BR yeah baby
yeah how you feel how are you man good
to see
[Music]
you looking go looking good have a great
one out there finish strong finish
strong baby love
keep it sexy baby keep it
sexy come on man congratulations
buddy oh yeah ever have a good
one
look
it good job you look strong turn the
hill Char it let's
let's go
Tommy 6 in one year baby you got
it yeah Carl start running camera's
rolling cameras are on start running
look fast look fast all right we found a
lot of friends so far today it's been
great where do he keep looking see who
else we can
find look at look at this guy he's
amazing you're looking so good you're
looking so good man keep it going keep
it going you look great come
on yes come I'm going with you let's go
let's go let's go you got this come on
how you feeling brother I am dead oh
come on now you're looking good you got
the pink hat remember what you came here
for you came here to finish this thing
man let's finish strong you got this you
got this you look so good you look so
good Go Get It Go Get It stop
[Music]
sh
heye you're doing great you look awesome
how you doing how you feel I don't know
almost you look great you look so strong
you're doing a fantastic job keep it
going I'm
gu look nice
that's run man
we just parted 3:23 it was like the
biggest party ever yeah yeah okay
[Music]
[Music]
3
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
a
[Music]

---

# Running is better with Friends - NYC Marathon Edition

[Music]
damn it feels good to be a
[Music]
gangster
damn baby
61 year baby you got it girl start
running camera's rolling camera's are on
start running looking good
man he's amazing you're looking so good
go let's go you got this you look
awesome how you
doing look nice

---

# NYC Marathon 2024

[Music]
don't sweat the
technique let's
[Music]
go don't swep the
[Music]
technique let's trace the hints and
check the file let's see who bit the D
te the style I flip the script so they
can't get file at least not now it'll
take a while I change the pace to
complete the beat I drop the base to I'm
see get we for every Ro they trace is a
scar they keep when I speak they freak
to sweat the technique

---

# New York Marathon 2024 Mens

[Music]
smoke the like smoke and the hell R up
raising hell with the flavor terrorize
the jam like troops in Pakistan swinging
through your to like your neighborhood
Spiderman so Tick Tock keep chicken will
I get you CLI it off the I'm kicking the
low Ranger ceter deep in the dark with
the art to the Chart the B too hot to
handle your battle he saying goodbye
like c walk NE insector deck so set the
B I'll make more do than heavy metal

---

# NYC Marathon Pre Race

[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
keep
[Music]
[Music]
a

---

# Adidas Evo SL

one of the promises of the adios Pro Evo
1 is that the learnings from this shoe
would trickle down into Adidas's
mainstream product we've seen some of
that promise fulfilled in the recently
announced adios Pro 4 and now even more
of that lineage is making its way into
everyday product this is the azero Evo
SL and it's time to take it for a run
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm an an elite Runner who used running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to talk to you guys all about the adero
Evo SL but before I give you my thoughts
on this shoe I do want to go over some
disclosures this is a pair of shoes that
Adidas sent to me for the purpose of
review so I didn't have to pay for these
shoes however nobody's paying me to make
this video or to include their shoe in
this video and no one's going to get a
chance to preview any of my footage or
my thoughts before you guys get a chance
to see this video on YouTube so with
that disclosure out of the way let's
talk about the a zero Evo SL and let's
start with the specs I think the
headline spec is that it's Light Strike
Pro midsole foam in this shoe and unlike
other shoes from other brands that use
the same name as their racing Foams even
if the daily training versions are
chemically different this is actually
racing caloro in this shoe I've
confirmed with Adidas that it is Light
Strike Pro in this shoe and nothing but
Light Strike Pro in this shoe and the
same exact Light Strike Pro that's in
the adios Pro 3 and there is a slight
variation in terms of Stack kite and
drop in the Evo SL versus its racing big
siblings where the Evo SL starts out at
38.5 mm of stacky in the heel and ends
with 32 mm of sa in the 4 foot for a 6
and 1/2 mm drop and like I said there's
no stabilizing element whatsoever in the
midsole of the shoe so you're getting a
really great opportunity to experience
what pure Light Strike Pro really feels
like now another element that they've
borrowed from the Evo one other than the
Aesthetics of the shoe and it does look
absolutely stunning and it does look
very similar is that they've borrowed
the 60% rocker position and so what that
means is the rocker is the point at
which the front of a running shoe kind
of curls up a little bit and it helps
you as you're running forward to get
over the foam and through the foam so
that way you can push off for your next
stride now if we measure from 0% all the
way to the full length of the shoe 100%
where the rocker position starts is at
60% of the length from 0 to 60 over here
is where the rocker position starts and
this is really early compared to a lot
of other shoes in the Adidas lineup even
the adios Pro 3 started at closer to 70%
of the length of the shoe uh before it
started in that rocker geometry but the
EVO One and the adios Pro 4 both start
at 60% and the evos SL is mimicking that
geometry here now to protect all this
midsole foam we've got a generous
helping of Continental rubber there is
pretty wide coverage in the forefoot of
the shoe and then two little strips in
the back of the heel now while there is
a good surface area amount of coverage
the rubber that's on here isn't very
thick but as we've seen from other cont
ental Rubber products the durability on
these rubber outsoles is pretty high so
the thickness of the rubber doesn't
really bother me here moving to the
upper we have what looks very similar to
what we saw in the Evo one but what
feels in fact very different the upper
for the Evo one was almost transparent
it was almost see-through and extremely
lightweight yet also strong now we have
a little bit more of a traditional upper
in terms of what we see on the EVO SL
but it is very breathable and the design
is still very clean and minimalistic
just like what we saw in the Evo SL
which makes the three stripes that go
across the shoe even that much more
striking then the other really big
difference that I know between the EVO
One upper and the Evo SL upper is in the
tongue and in the padding in the heel
cup the EVO One tongue was kind of
difficult to deal with this one is much
more kind of traditional and standard
it's still very thin and I I like it
very much and then in terms of padding
in the back you could tell that this
shoe is built a a little bit more for
daily training and not necessarily for
racing because there is a lot more
comfort features built into this there's
a lot of padding around the back of the
heel cup and a little bit of structure
as well altogether Adidas tells us that
this shoe should come in at 224 G and
when I weighed my usmen size 9 my
reference size shoot it came in at
exactly 224 G or 7.9 Oz
[Music]
now that we talked about what this shoe
is like on paper let's talk about what
it's like on foot and I got to tell you
pure racing foam in a daily trainer is
really nice or at least it's really nice
in the way they've implemented it here
in the Evo SL I've taken the shoe out
for Recovery run efforts daily training
and for some speedier work as well I
think it excelled in all three areas
although it is doing certain things
better than others I find that there's a
really nice squish to it the foam is
compressing nice ly and decompressing
really well although I think that some
people are going to find that the way
that this shoe is set up it's going to
be a little bit unstable at some of the
easier paces and I found that like the
shoe kind of felt a little bit muddled
after long extended periods of easy
running in the shoe I do feel like the
shoe does speedier running or like kind
of uptempo running really well though
and what I mean by uptempo Paces is
stuff that's maybe a little bit slower
than your marathon Race pace and all the
way up to half marathon or maybe up to
threshold efforts I feel like that range
of speed which is a pretty broad band of
effort levels at those Paces that are
faster than easy I feel like the foam is
really starting to perk up and respond
like a super foam wood where it's
getting a great amount of compression
and decompression and I'm enjoying the
amount that the foam is deflecting but I
also enjoy kind of the the the Rhythm or
the pace at which it's deflecting as
well cuz I feel like it's really
matching with my foot strike and my
stride and I think that when you're
picking up the pace a little bit in this
shoe that's where I think that the 60%
geometry of The Rocker that's in the
shoe feels the most kind of sensible I
feel like at some of the easier Paces
the 60% rocker where the rocker starts
so early uh makes it feel a little bit
more aggressive than the shoe
necessarily needs to be it's a 6 and
half millim drop shoe and I feel like it
feels like a much taller drop because of
that aggressive rocker that start starts
so early but when you're picking up the
pace even just a little bit that's where
I feel like the whole thing really just
makes a lot of sense together and if you
think about it it should make a little
bit more sense that way because it's
borrowing so much Heritage from the
adios Pro 3 the adios Pro 4 and the evo1
kind of all put together and distilled
into this daily training package and at
the end of the day I feel like calling
it a daily trainer is a little bit
reductive or calling it a session shoe
also is a little bit reductive because
it's not
strictly a session shoe at certain Paces
when I want to go faster than threshold
and certainly if I were to do a a big V2
Max workout I I would want something
that's a little bit snappier here and
that's where I'm missing the pop of a
plate in this shoe but the fact that
this shoe can kind of handle a lot of
what an average Runner is going to
encounter during a marathon or half
marathon training block I think is it
was really quite amazing that they've
able to put that all into one shoe I do
feel like the big biggest attractor I'd
say for this shoe is the upper the
materials that they've chosen look great
but I think that every material that's
here is a bit of a sweat collector so on
those hot days on those really big
workouts that you're going to put into
this shoe your shoes are going to be
soaking up a lot of
[Music]
liquid now before we wrap up the video
let's take a moment and see where the
Evo SL could fit within a broader Adidas
running shoe rotation now the evos for
me fits as a daily trainer it can
certainly do a lot of different types of
things but the bulk of the time that
you're going to be using this shoe
you're probably going to be using it for
your everyday runs your easy runs taking
up the bulk of your weekly mileage and
then for racing you're going to look to
its sibling the adios Pro 4 as the
racing option there are similarities in
Geometry a lot of similarities in feel
these two shoes alone are going to make
for a really fun running SHO rotation if
you wanted to go with just two but let's
add some more into the conversation I
think one way to go really crazy and
wild with this is to bring in the prime
X2 strong this is more of a long run
shoe but not just any long run shoe if
you've got a long run with some speedier
miles built into it or you have just a
big workout where you want a lot of
cushion and this has a lot of cushion
and double carbon fiber plates this is a
really fun albeit expensive way uh to
add some spice into your your long runs
and now there's some gaps in between
each of these shoes and this is where
this running shoe rotation is going to
get a little bit I don't know about
controversial but it get a little bit
interesting and the reason why I'm going
to kind of play around with it a little
bit is because when I reviewed the adios
Pro 4 I went through the similar lineup
kind of conversation and then went
through the I think more traditional
take on the Adidas running shoe lineup
but let's spice things up a little bit
especially because Adidas has so many
different shoes in its Arsenal I think
one shoe that I could put here here in
kind of like the max cushion category or
in the long slow distance category where
you just want to be chill and comfy is
going to be the Boston 12 now this isn't
normally where the Boston sits normally
I put the Boston here as kind of a
session shoe but the way that the Boston
12 is built and the way that the Boston
has been going for a lot of years is to
put it more in kind of like this uh
longer run time on feet category of shoe
it's really comfortable for casual wear
it's really comfortable for long longer
easy runs it does have some Light Strike
Pro in it and some form of energy rods
in there so it can pick up the pace a
little bit but for me it doesn't love
picking up the pace so I'm going to put
it here in this kind of Max cushion more
comfy category of shoe and then in this
speed category spot I'm going to put in
the adios 8 now normally I would say I
can't imagine why you would pick the
adios 8 over the Tumi sen which is the
normal shoe that I put in this spot but
keep in mind that these are 202 five
shoes that we're talking about here the
Evo SL is coming out in 2025 the adios
Pro 4 is coming out in 2025 each of
these shoes won't make it into my 2024
year and wrap-up videos and comparison
videos because they're 2025 videos so as
a placeholder for now I'm going to put
in the adios 8 here watch this space for
2025 cuz I think what they're bringing
is going to be I don't know if it's
going to be better than the Tumi sen but
it's certainly going to be in the
conversation of the Tumi sen for what
the next audios is going to be so I'm
going to talk about this here in that
speed category when you want to go a
little bit faster than what your daily
trainer can do but maybe don't have as
big or maybe have a faster workout in
terms of Paces than what you might do in
your Marathon racer and this I think is
another very valid way of putting
together an Adidas running shoe lineup
in 2025
[Music]
now let's wrap up the video by talking
about the buying guide and we'll also go
over some Alternatives that you will
likely want to consider the azero Evo SL
is the best daily trainer in the Adidas
lineup and it's a really great example
of how good and versatile Light Strike
Pro can be for people who are looking
for their first marathon racing shoe and
don't necessarily want to get into
carbon this is going to be a really
great choice for people that are looking
for an extra cushioned session shoe it's
also going to be a really great choice
and for anyone that just wants to be a
little bit extra and have an all Light
Strike Pro Mido foam as their daily
trainer the Evo SL is going to make you
pretty happy as well this shoe won't be
available until 2025 but when it does
release it'll be coming in at
$150 which yes is a lot of money but I
really think that it's quite a bargain
let's take a look at some of the
competitor to see what they come in at
to see where that 150 stack up and the
first shoe that I'm going to talk about
is the Pegasus plus this is a shoe that
proudly labels that it has zoomx foam in
it but anyone who has run in this shoe
and also run in any other zoomx Racing
shoes know that they're not exactly the
same kind of zumex that's in it now
while I think it's wildly misleading to
the consumer to give the same name to
the phone that's in the alphafly 3 and
in the Pegasus plus I think that given
different names I don't think that
there's anything wrong with tinkering
with the formula ation of the materials
in order to achieve a desired effect in
a daily trainer and I do think that this
is a really great daily training
experience it feels very much like a
pegasus and it feels very much like a
peg turbo as well kind of wrapped into
one splitting the difference in a lot of
ways and each of these shoes would be a
great choice for daily trading or for
workouts and sessions the other thing
about this shoe is that it comes in
almost an ounce heavier and $30 more
expensive cuz going to be paying $180 to
get to the peg plus now the next shoe
that I want to talk about and again both
these shoes that I'm going to compare to
the evos SL are shoes that I really like
in 2024 uh and the other one is from New
Balance it's the rebel version 4 this
again is using a foam that is called
fuel cell which is the same name as the
racing foam that New Balance uses but
it's a a different formulation than
what's in their race product their race
product has peba in it this is a peba
Eva blend and I think that that's it's a
successful combination I kind of take
offense to the fact that they call it
the same thing but overall at the end of
the day the material that's in here is
really nice it's lightweight it squishes
the right way it bounces back in the
right way and it makes for a really
lightweight fun running experience it's
about the same weight as the azero Evo
SL and I would use these two shoes in a
lot of very similar ways the big
difference for me though in the rebel
version 4 and why I might not reach for
it in as many kind of fart lick workouts
or even longer Tempo progression runs
that I might use the Evo SL for is that
there's a lot of width to the bottom of
this shoe it's wider at the pads of the
feet it's wider underneath the arch and
it's much wider through the heel and I
think what they're trying to do is
prevent this shoe from getting too
unstable and so they're trying to
stabilize it with width which I think
does the job that'll certainly make it
more stable but also makes it a little
bit less Nimble and a little bit less
excit exting you're getting a little bit
of discount though for those trade-offs
because the rebel version 4 comes in at
$140 so those are my thoughts on the
azero EO Asel and the competition let me
know in the comments if you have any
other questions or better yet stop by
the live stream that I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run Club
Channel I'd love to talk to you guys
over there in the chat that's all for
today everybody thanks so much for
making all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I'll
will see you in the next one yo what's
going on
a
[Applause]
[Music]

---

# An expensive run

with my
against the meek shall inherit the earth
take this Sal out your words he mix the
with some dir Mexican kids don't had
enough to say yeh and I Beil praying y
read the book of Romans I'm lighting
candles Now set them off bad changing
the channel come out cost to V you with
The Strokes my last supper nobody knows
I paint a picture for you but you let
the ve go I'm buing my time I let the
big man know my back against the fence
put my hand
St
[Music]
[Music]

---

# ASICS Metaspeed Sky Paris After 100 Miles

John career just ran the fifth fastest
marathon time ever on the streets of
Chicago in a meta speed Sky prototype
but I think it'll be a while before that
shoe makes it to the public so in the
meantime let's take a look at the
current metase Sky Paris and see how my
par is held up after 100 miles
[Music]
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kafui and
I'm a non Elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys all about the
meta speed Sky Paris after 100 Mil but
before I give my thoughts on this shoe
and how it's held up over time I do want
to go over some disclosures this is a
pair of shoes that Asic sent to me for
the purpose of review so I didn't have
to pay for these shoes however no one's
paying me to make this video or to
include their shoe in this video no
one's going to get a chance to review
any of my footage or my thoughts before
you guys get a chance to see this video
on YouTube so with that disclosure out
of the way let's talk about the meta
speed Sky Paris after 100 miles and
let's start with how I've been using
these shoes I've been using these shoes
for racing fast workouts and my longest
run so for racing I raced the London
marathon in them earlier this year I
really enjoyed them for that race
although I didn't have the best day it's
not something that I can blame on the
shoes and my fastest run was probably my
most recent run which was also other
than a quick taper session it was the
shortest run I did in the shoe which was
a total of 11 miles and I had 400 met
repeats to run at about I think they
were assigned to be about 5k Pace but
the paces I was given made them closer
to maybe a 3K pace for me and the
longest run I ever did in them other
than the marathon was a 22m long run and
I felt like for all three of those use
cases very fast running very long
running and Marathon racing I felt like
the as6 meta speed Sky Paris did really
well for me I think the magic of this
shoe is the foam which gives it the
cushion and also the responsive that I'm
looking for in a racing shoe but it also
gives it an incredible lightness this is
one of the lightest Racing shoes on the
market today and at a time when shoes
are still getting bigger and bigger and
having more and more foam keeping a shoe
lightweight is still really a killer
feature now I do think that it's a
little bit more cushioned in terms of
the foam than the last version of the
metas speed Sky Plus was and I think
that makes it a little bit less
aggressive of a shoe which can be good
or bad depending on exactly what type of
experience you're looking for in your
race shoes and if I had a half marathon
or a marathon coming up and I had to
pick between the metas speed Sky Paris
and the metas speed Sky Plus for me in
my preferences I think I might go with
the meta speed Sky Plus today although
that just might be my sentimentality
coming through as I've had really good
successful race days in The Meta speed
Sky Plus
[Music]
next let's take a look at how the shoe
has physically been holding up over the
last 100 miles uh and first I want to
say that this is race product we're
talking about here so it's not going to
have the same levels of longevity and
durability as what a shoe that you're
using as your daily trainer and this is
a trade-off that I think that we're all
willing to make when it comes to race or
Pinnacle Performance Products that being
said at least visually it looks like the
foam on my metas speed Sky Paris has
taken quite a beating especially around
some of the edges and in some of the
painted areas of the mid so foam uh it
does look like there are some gashes and
bits of scraping that are starting to
happen which is frankly a little bit
more damage than I typically see for me
and my race shoes at 100 miles just keep
in mind that a lot of this wear is
purely cosmetic a lot of these Foams
can't really take on color like
intrinsically so that color has to be
painted on and I do think that most of
the worst looking damage is just the
paint That's starting to Chip and wear
away but I could say that the foam
itself still feels really good it still
feels like there's a lot of life left
into it still a great amount of cushion
still a great amount of bounceback so
it's compressing and decompressing
really well even at 100 Mil in fact I
have closer to 120 Mi now on this
particular pair of shoes and I do think
that I could get another Marathon out of
these if I needed to and after that
after about 150 160 mil or so of kind of
using these as a race shoe I think I
could then kind of relegate them or
demote them to being a really great
workout shoe in my rotation the one
thing that I will note though is I think
that the shoe is getting slightly
mushier over time and I think that's the
biggest difference between the metas
speed Sky Paris and the metas speed Sky
Plus is that the foam is a little bit
more compressed
and maybe similarly or slightly less
decompressive there's less push back
from it and I think as the miles have
been wearing on for the meta speed Sky
Paris I feel like it's becoming even
more cushioned and bouncing back with
just a little bit less pep than I at
least than I remember from having a
fresh pair of shoes but my most recent
workout was the fastest workout that I
did in the shoe and it still felt great
for use in workouts so it's not
something that I think is anywhere near
its end of life
as far as the rubber on the out soole
goes there is a couple of spots where
it's wearing down a little bit where
it's becoming smooth and I'm not really
concerned about that amount of wear
that's something that I would expect to
see after 100 Mil in a Rao something
that does concern me though is that
there is a bit of wear at the
intersection of the mids Sole and the
out soole in a couple of spots on the
shoe there's a point where the foam is
fraying away from where the edge of that
outsole is I think a lot of that happens
because of the way that this foam
compresses and decompresses so much but
it is a potential source of Detachment
and that is something that concerns me
as far as the upper goes I think it's
holding up very well it still looks to
me like a very fresh shoe as far as the
upper is concerned and it smells
surprisingly not bad so I think that the
upper is fantastic on the metas speed
Sky Paris it's the best upper that ASX
has put on their metas speed series
shoes
that being said it still is a little bit
of a pinky toe Crusher it's not that the
last is squeezing these toes as I'm
running in it there's just something
about what's happening with my foot
inside the shoe that these pinky toes
are still feeling a little bit of
pressure towards the end of every
workout or long run that I put into the
[Music]
shoe now before we wrap up the video
Let's Take a moment to talk about the
as6 brand more generally and see what a
rotation would look like if you are a
meta speed Sky Paris fan now whenever I
think about a running shoe rotation or
approach a running shoe brand I always
like to start with the daily trainer and
Fromm as6 the one that I prefer is the
Nova blast and this is the Nova blast 4
this is a shoe that is fun bouncy and
cushion you can do the bulk of your
daily training in and it's got the
durability to handle the majority of
your weekly runs and this is a really
fun example of a daily trainer and then
I think that the meta speed Sky Paris
would come in as the racing shoe that
you're going to be using to pair along
with the Nova blast 4 now this could be
a really fun two shoe rotation in and of
itself but if you want to add a couple
more shoes in or just understand how the
other A6 shoe in the brand fit in let's
talk about some more if you want
something that's a little bit more
cushioned as a daily trainer maybe you
need a little bit more cushion and a
little bit more stability than what the
Nova Blast has then I would take a look
at the Glide ride Max and this is the
max cushion shoe in the A6 lineup that I
have been really enjoying it's really
comfortable it's really cushioned for
days where I just want to be really nice
to my feet this is the shoe that I would
be reaching for and then for your speed
workouts where it's something where you
want something a little bit faster and a
little bit more kind of purpose-built
than the Nova blast 4 and it's kind of
doit all nature is built and something
that maybe isn't quite as important or
as big of a as you would reach for your
race sto I think that I would look at
the magic speed 4 from A6 for that
experience it has some daily training
Foams in it like the Nova blast 4 it has
a little core of race foam in it like
The Meta speed Sky Paris and it's got a
carbon fiber plate so it's got a little
bit of both worlds built into it and
then if you wanted to go real crazy and
add a fifth shoe to this rotation I
would look at the super Blast 2 this is
one of my favorite shoes that A6 is
making at the moment it's a bunch of FF
turbo plus that same foam that's in the
meta speed Sky Paris uh but it's got
also a little bit of daily training foam
in it as well and I put it on this side
of the spectrum because I think of this
shoe as a really great long run workout
shoe and what by that what I mean is it
can do really easy running and kind of
really low and slow relaxed stuff kind
of like the Glide ride maxwood but it's
also really great because of the foam at
picking up the pace so if you've got a
long run with a bunch of Marathon miles
in there something where you got to pick
up the pace and do a race type effort
the extra comfort and cushion of the
super Blast 2 plus its race day Heritage
make it a really fun and fantastic
choice now there's certainly a lot of
Alternatives that you can go through in
the A6 lineup A6 has a bunch of shoes
just like a lot of the other very big
brands do that you could Sub in and out
for the noble blast 4 you could bring in
the cumulus for the Glide ride Max you
can bring in the Nimbus and actually for
me one thing that I would change and not
something that I'm recommending but
something that I personally have been
doing uh in this spot for your workout
or session shoe is to actually reach out
for the other Marathon racer from A6 and
that's the meta speed Edge I think that
the difference in the way that this shoe
turns over and prioritizes snappy
turnover and quick bounce back from your
footstrike make it a really fun shoe for
my fastest of workouts so in reality
while the meta speed Sky Paris is my Rao
I'm also using it for my big workouts my
mile repeats my longer threshold efforts
and then for my faster stuff that's more
towards VO2 max that's where I
personally as someone that is a sky
person that's where I have been reaching
for the edge cuz I just feel like it's a
great shoe for like 5K 10K efforts for
me now I'm not recommending that people
go out and buy The Meta speed Edge
specifically for that but in reality in
terms of how I use that shoe this is
where has been fitting in for me
[Music]
now let's wrap up the video by talking
about the buying guide and we'll also
look at some Alternatives that you'll
likely want to consider the metas speed
Sky Paris is one of the lightest Racing
shoes on the market today and it's a
great combination of cushion and speed
as6 currently has two different sets of
marathon Racing shoes in its lineup
though the meta speed Sky Paris and The
Meta speed Edge Paris and I think those
two shoes are targeted at different
types of Runners depending on the way
that your foot hits the ground the way
that your legs turn over and basically
just the sensations that you're looking
to prioritize in your race product and
if you like what the meta speed Sky
Paris has to offer I think that at $250
it is a fantastic price now it is going
to be hard to get and all the shoes that
I'm about to talk to you guys about are
going to be difficult to get because
right now we are at the tail end of fall
Marathon racing season and it's like
that scene in Fast and the Furious when
they're looking for their stolen engines
and they're freaking out because it's
race Wars next week and when else are
you going to be able to get another pair
of engines this quickly same thing is
going on for race shoes nevertheless
let's take a look at the other shoes
that are out there that you're going to
want to consider once inventory levels
get back to normal and the first shoe
that I want to talk about is one that I
recently just spent a lot of time
talking about when I did my Adios Pro 4
review now I feel like both Nike and the
other brand that I'm going to talk about
today have two different types of
marathon Racing shoes that are each
targeted at again a different type of
Runner so Nike A6 and the third brand
that I'll talk about later in the video
are all kind of doing the same thing
instead of making one and only one type
of race shoe depending on the different
preferences of Runners they're making
different types of race Pinnacle product
which I think is an incredibly good
thing and a sign of how lucky we are as
Runners to be running today in 2024 now
I think that the person that likes the
meta speed Sky Paris is probably also
going to like the types of Sensations
that are going on in the alphafly I feel
like it suits the similar type of Runner
I think there's a great amount of
cushion in the alphafly 3 and a good
amount of decompression and bounceback I
personally don't love the alphafly 3 as
much as prior iterations of the alphafly
and I think that a lot of that has to do
with the changes that they' made to the
zoom airpods I think the zoom airpods
are the real Secret Sauce to the
alphafly series and I think I don't know
if it's just a visual trick that's
happening to me or what but it seems
like they've changed changed the
position of the zoom airpods in the
alpha fly 3 moving them further back or
closer to the middle of your arch behind
the pads of your feet and I feel like
they've also made them smaller than they
used to be in say the alphafly one and I
feel like with the alphafly 1 I was
Landing the pads of my feet right on
those zoom airpods and as those toes
were starting to push off and I was
getting some leverage off of the pads of
my feet that's when the zoom airpods
were pushing up against them and giving
me that really wonderful and seemingly
effortless bounce that you get from
alphafly I feel like with the change in
the position of the airpods moving more
towards the arch of the shoe it feels
like I'm kind of missing the airpods and
it's not doing the same thing it's kind
of like when you're bouncing off a
trampoline and like the timing is not
right and your knees Buckle a little bit
I'm kind of getting a very micro
sensation of that in the alphafly 3
nevertheless if the alphafly 3 depending
on your foot strike and gate works for
you I feel like it's a shoe that's going
to really work well for you and we've
seen some of the fastest athletes in the
world run with great success in this
shoe and I think the metas speed Sky
Paris is ultimately trying to Target a
very similar type of sensation where
you're getting that great amount of
cushion in the forefoot and then popping
off pushing up against the pads of the
feet so I feel like both of these shoes
are trying to do very similar things
although they're doing it with very
different types of Technology if you are
looking to get into a pair of alphafly 3
there is going to be a premium there
though because this shoe comes in at
$285 $5 now the next brand that I want
to talk about is puma and they're
another brand that has two different
types of Rao again targeting two
different types of Runners and I feel
like Puma is also targeting the same two
types of Runners that both Nike and as6
are targeting and the shoe that I want
to talk about today is going to be the
Puma fast R2 I feel like the Puma fast
R2 gives you a really nice sense of
compression when your foot hits the
ground and that carbon fiber plate I
feel is very rigid and you get a really
strong push-off sensation as your foot
leaves the ground into your next stride
I love the sensation that's going on
with the combination of the thick carbon
fiber plate and the aliphatic TPU foam
it's probably one of my favorite Foams
that it's on the market today uh the
only downside to this shoe being that
it's quite a bit heavier so if the
lightness of the metas speed Sky Paris
is one of its biggest benefits the
heaviness of the fast R2 is one of its
biggest weaknesses I still think it's a
really fun and fast shoe to run in
despite the weight but that's something
you definitely want to keep in mind and
again it's targeting that really big
amount of compression in the forefoot
with a really strong toe off sensation
that's happening for those big powerful
strides even if the speed or frequency
of your turnover may suffer just a
little bit just like the other two shoes
that I've talked about in this review
now the fast R2 also comes in a little
bit more expensive than the meta speed
Sky Paris the Puma fast R2 comes in at
$260 so $10 more to get into that one
and then I think the last shoe that I
want to talk about is the shoe that I've
talked about a little bit already today
and that's the meta speed Sky plus it's
the last version of The Meta speed now
from what I can tell as6 is still
selling this shoe on its website and I
don't think it's just that they have a
lot of leftover inventory I think that
it could be a sign of a very maturing
race product Market where it's it's not
that each shoe is Leaps and Bounds
better than the previous year shoe but
now we're going to have different models
that again are focusing very small
subsets of preferences and so if you do
still like the difference in feeling in
The Meta speed Sky Plus or if you want
the newer version which has a little bit
more cushion to it and prioritizes the
compression a little bit more than the
decompression then the meta speed Sky
Paris is going to be the option for you
both of these shoes come in at $250
though so it's going to be the same
price for either of the two and like I
said when it comes to raising it might
just be that I had a really good day in
these but I think if I were to race
today of these two shoes I'd pick the
meta speed Sky Plus so those are my
thoughts on the metas speed Sky Paris
after 100 miles let me know if in the
comments if you have any questions about
this shoe or any of the shoes that I
talked about today or better yet stop
with the live stream I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run clip
Channel I'd love to talk to you guys
over there in the chat that's all I for
today everybody thanks so much for
making all all the way to the end of
this video hopefully you guys are
staying safe out there on your runs and
I will see you in the next one yo what's
going on
[Music]

---

# Under Armour Infinite Elite

to be very honest I will admit that
every time I hear about a new Under
arour Elite athlete signing I really
wonder what the heck are they going to
do all their daily training miles in but
now there seems to be a bit of an answer
this is the under arour infinite Elite
and it's time to take it for a run
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kzi and
I'm a non- elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys all about the
new Under arour infinite Elite but
before I give you my thoughts on this
shoe I do want to go over some
disclosures this is a pair of shoes that
underarm are sent to me for the purpose
of review so I did not have to pay for
these shoes however nobody's paying me
to make this video or to include their
shoe in this video no one's going to get
a chance to preview any of my footage or
my thoughts before you guys get a chance
to see this video on YouTube so with
that disclosure out of the way let's
talk about the Under Armour infinite
Elite and let's start with the specs
this is a at least on paper a 36 mm
stack heite shoe with an 8 mm drop
giving us 28 mm of stack heite in the
forefoot now this is a very big shoe and
I I get that like sometimes shoes want
to make the shoe appear even bigger and
taller than it actually is or sometimes
they just want to create sidew walls for
your foot to kind of sit inside and so
the foam comes up higher than what your
heel or the bottom of your foot actually
sits on but I think with 36 mm as the
stated stack height for this sh I think
they may be just giving us the number of
the foam that's in this shoe and then
the actual measure sack I think is
easily going to be way over 40 mm cuz
this shoe is very big now the main thing
that's in this shoe or the only thing
that's in this midsole is under armour's
new hover plus midsole foam material now
Under Armour isn't disclosing exactly
what the formulation of hover Plus is or
at least I don't have that information
available to me at this time but it is
one of those beaded Foams that to me
looks and feels a lot like the power run
plus that we used to see in the older
versions of the S Triumph series and
very similar at least in appearance uh
to what we used to see in Adidas back
when they had just regular boost now to
protect all this midsole foam Under
Armor is applying what they're calling
thin web Rubber outo and there are some
exposed areas of foam in the shoe to
help keep some weight down but even
though it's called thin web there is a
very generous and thick application of
that outsole material on the shoe
especially in some of the higher wear
areas there is a lot of rubber on the
bottom of this shoe moving to the upper
we have what Under Armor is calling
their intella knit it looks like a knit
material and it has the word knit in it
but it doesn't exactly feel like a knit
material it's not as stretchy
soft or as comfortable as I would
normally think of when I'm thinking
about a knit material now there is also
a lot of padding and foam on the tongue
and around the heel cup and onto this
Achilles flare to help try and make sure
that the fit is accommodating to a wide
variety of heel shapes and also to make
it feel a little bit more luxurious and
there is a big TPU heel clip to help
make the shoe stay stable all these
things add up to quite a bit of weight
Under Armour lists this shoe coming in
at a a chart topping 11.8 o for a usmen
size 9 I actually weighed mine and mine
came in substantially lighter still
heavy but it came in half an ounce later
at 11.3 Oz and 320
G now that we've talked about what the
shoe is like on paper let's talk about
what it's like on foot and despite the
heavy weight of this shoe this under
arour infinite Elite is a very promising
shoe and it gives me some excitement for
what Under Armour may be able to release
in the future now it was a bit firm for
a daily training shoe for my preferences
as someone that loves super squishy shoe
and I didn't exactly love it when I used
it for cool down miles after a workout
so it's not exactly a Max cushion shoe
for me either although for my bigger
taller friends this may be just right
but for me this shoe became most
interesting when I was picking up the
pace just a little bit every everything
in that kind of easy to moderate range
that's where this foam really started to
get exciting so if you've got a run with
some light past changes in there this
shoe is a really fun Cruiser now I
mentioned earlier that it visually
reminds me of sakon's power run plus and
it definitely on foot feels a lot like
some of those older versions of power
run plus and it even kind of reminds me
of power run PB or at least some of the
really early versions of power run PB
when it was a little bit firmer of a
formulation overall it kind of reminds
me a lot of Styrofoam but in a good way
even when I pick it up and touch
it it kind of has that styrofoam kind of
feel to it and while that might not
sound the most kind of exciting when you
are putting just a little bit more into
the shoe when you're picking up the pace
a little bit I feel like then the
compression and decompression works just
right for me and it gives me a nice
sense of Rhythm and bounciness that I'm
really enjoying for some of those daily
training runs that might have a little
bit of spice spilt in to them it's
unfortunate for me though that the shoe
is quite heavy cuz otherwise I think
that this shoe really could give the
super blast or the Invincible a run for
their money now the other area where I
feel like this shoe comes uh quite a bit
short is in the upper now I love a good
knit material and I feel like I'm the
last Advocate left out there for
bringing knit materials back into
running shoes I think they're super
comfortable I love to wear them I feel
like they're great for a running
performance product but it's a material
that seems to be going away I appreciate
that Under Armour is trying to bring it
back here but this execution just isn't
it it's not stretchy like it should be
it's not comfortable like a knit
material should be or at least when I
hear the word knit or if you're going to
put the word knit into a trademarked
product name and I feel like especially
visually speaking there's just a a lot
left to be desired with the way that
this shoe is executed there's just
something about it that's really frumpy
that I'm just not enjoying in terms of
the visual aesthetic of the upper it it
fits reasonably well it's overly padded
and it's a little bit of a sweat sponge
from a visual perspective and from a
performance perspective there's a lot
more that could have been done to really
elevate a shoe that's going to be called
infinite Elite but if you're old school
and are the kind of person that says we
don't choose a running shoe by color or
it doesn't matter what a running shoe
looks like then I feel like the Under
Armour infinite Elite is something you
should definitely consider because
although it is a little bit heavy it's a
pretty fun shoe to run
[Music]
in now this is normally the part of the
video where I like to take a moment to
step back and see where the shoe I'm
reviewing might fit within a broader
lineup of shoes within a running shoe
brand the only difficulty here is that
Under Armour hasn't always been the most
consistent when it comes to their
dedication to the performance running
space now I've been running in Under
Armour shoes for years uh remember one
of my favorite Under Armour shoes that
they've ever made was the CGR hover mid
it was a midrise winter shoe that had a
knit material that I actually really
enjoyed it had like the Bluetooth chip
inside the heel and it connected to map
my run so I was an early adopter of
Under Armour performance running and I
really like those shoes but I just feel
like over the years they didn't really
change those shoes very much UnderArmour
running shoes kind of always look the
same like UnderArmour running shoes so
I've kind of lost interest in what they
had to offer although this under arour
infinite Elite definitely is a big step
in the right direction and I feel like
if I were to kind of build an
UnderArmour running shoe rotation with
the product that they have now at least
the product that I'm aware of that I've
tested it would kind of basically be
built around the Under Armor infinite I
would use it for my easy runs my
recovery runs even my long runs with
some Pace changes in it uh this is the
shoe that I would use for the most of my
training even more so than in another
Brand's running shoe lineup for their
daily trainer just because there just
aren't as many other Under Armour models
that I'm as excited about right now and
then the only other shoe in the rotation
that I would probably put in would be uh
The Rao if you wanted to stay within
under arour for your race product as
well and this is the under armor flow
velocity Elite version 2 it has a great
track record Sharon Leti has won the New
York Marathon in it came in fourth in
the Paris Olympics in it came second in
the Boston Marathon in it so the shoe
has quite a pedigree uh but it's a shoe
that I haven't exactly loved it has
biopbs in it which is a little bit
firmer than regular packs but I do
appreciate the attempt at some
eco-friendliness there and it does have
a carbon fiber plate but it also has
this bottom layer of super critical foam
and in the heel there's quite a a bit of
it and so I feel like this is a fast
shoe that some people like Sharon loes
of the world can run fasten but for me
it's not really a shoe that I love for
marathons it's something that I would
take for like 5K 10K racing maybe up to
the half marathon but as far as like
what's in the Under Armour lineup now
these are kind of the two shoes and you
can certainly have a really great time
running with a two shoe rotation and for
Under Armour this is what it would look
look
like now let's wrap up the video by
going over the buy and guide and we'll
also talk about some Alternatives that
you may want to also consider the Under
Armour infinite Elite is a pretty good
option for long runs and for daily
training for my high mileage Runners and
for my bigger taller friends this might
be the perfect level of cushion for you
for your daily training needs and I
think if you're an athlete coming over
from a different sport or a team sport
or a ball sport like a lot of under
arour customers are I feel like this is
going to be a really good option for you
to get into the running community and at
$160 I think that the price is very fair
but let's take a look at some of the
competition to see what that $160 will
get you now already in this video we've
talked quite a bit about the sakon power
R plus Foams so let's talk about one of
my favorite Power R plus shoes from
sakon and that's the Triumph and I'm
looking specifically at versions 20 and
21 which were I think pretty much the
same shoe maybe just a different upper
or a slightly changed upper version 22
got substantially different it got a
different foam so that's going to be a
little bit different of an experience
and I think less similar to what you're
getting in the infinite Elite now the
power on plus is also a beaded foam and
it looks and feels very similar to what
we're getting out of the Under Armour
infinite elit hover plus mids foam and I
feel like those two shoes can be used
very similarly both of these shoes are a
little bit firm for my daily training
preferences and they're kind of built
like Max cushion shoes but I feel like
once you start moving in them just a
little bit quicker than easy that's when
the shoes start to really come to life
and that's why I feel like the
cushioning for me feels at its best the
Triumph 20 and 21 used to retail at the
same price as the Under Armour infinite
Elite at $160 but since the Triumph 21
has been around for a while you can find
it still some places for around $120 and
I feel like that's something you should
definitely consider and then the other
shoe that I think we should take a look
at is the shoe that I always compare the
Triumph against because it's another
shoe that has beaded Foams as one of the
first shoes to use beaded Foams that's
from Adidas and that's the ultra boost
this is the ultra boost 5x and it's got
a different formulation of boost this
time it's got light boost in it which is
a lighter formulation of the regular
boost material that initially made the
ultra boost line so popular now the
light boost material as the name implies
makes the foam a little bit lighter but
I also feel like it's got a little bit
less rebound to it it's a little softer
and a little bit mushier which for a
shoe that's called Ultra boost and is
kind of in that Max cushion category I
feel like that's the right move and
progress for that shoe so if you want
something that's a little bit more
comfortable looks a lot better and a
little bit more cushioned then I would
say go with the ultra boost it is going
to be at a premium though cuz it comes
in at
$180 so those are my thoughts on the
Under Armour infinite Elite let me know
in the comments if you have any other
questions or better yet stop by the live
stream that I do over on the kofuzi Run
Club Channel Mondays and Thursdays I'd
love to see you guys over there in the
chat that's all I for today everybody
thanks so much for making all the way to
the end of this video hopefully you guys
are staying safe out there on your runs
and I will see you in the next one yo
what's going on
[Music]
n
[Music]

---

# Adidas Evo SL

uh now let's get it all in perspective
for all y'all enjoyment a song y'all can
step with y'all appointed me to bring
rap justice but I ain't 5 y'all know
it's Nao great goose and a whole lot of
hydro only describe us as soldier
survivors stay laced in the best well
dressed with Besse in the white te
looking for white be oh

---

# Chicago Marathon 2024 - A Runner's Weekend

I've been flying all over the world to
enjoy racing and the running community
and now it's my turn to play host and
welcome everyone to my home turf so it's
time to hop on the L and head to the
loop this is a runner's weekend at the
Chicago marathon
[Music]
yo what's going on it is about 2 o'clock
in the afternoon on a Thursday race
weekend here in Chicago I'm currently at
the Expo which doesn't make sense
because I'm not running for the first
time in a long time but I'm here because
I'm doing something I've never done at
Chicago and that's talk on a panel in
the expo hall I'm going to be doing that
with Lindsey hind in just a little bit
I'm early though so let's take a look
inside and see what the marathon XO has
to offer this year
[Music]
the packet pickup area looked pretty
empty very organized Chicago is always
very efficient let's see if I can find
any
friends look at look at this
guy
[Music]
W just stopped by the rabbit Booth
they're doing some Screen
Printing and basically the main thing I
want to do is say hi to everybody make
sure we're all set for the event
tomorrow and then also take a quick
photo so I can put out a reminder that
the event is tomorrow for
everyone and let's see what else is
[Music]
around yes of course my new
[Music]
fian it's starting to get a little bit
busy in
here most of the booths are are kind of
small looks like an has a pretty big
[Music]
Booth got a little bit of
time very thirsty let's find something
to drink
[Music]
guys it's almost time for me to get up
on
stage I don't
see around
anywhere I'm sure Lindsay will be here
somewhere he's got a little bit of time
I feel like Lindsay's been on stage all
day today
most people watching this already know
who Lindsay Hine is but for those who
don't Lindsay has her own successful
running podcast and she and I are part
of a larger group of personalities who
are on a different podcast called relay
this session was supposed to feature a
couple additional relay members and we
were going to talk about our favorite
Marathon memories but flights got
impacted coming into Chicago so it's
just Lindsay and me yo what's going on
Lindsay had never actually interviewed
me before so we dug deep down into the
kofuzi origin story now panels at Expose
are always hard because the Acoustics
are terrible and people are constantly
coming in and out but Lindsay is a great
interviewer and a good number of people
stuck around afterwards there was some
selfie time and Lindsay and the sound
guy from the Expo could have just been
being nice but they did say that gayen
Ruff was also on a panel earlier in the
day and more people got in line for
selfies with me than they did for him
it's not a contest but that did put a
little feather in my
[Music]
cap that is all the
Selfies Lindsay left she's going to go
to her hotel she said but I think there
is a industry like Social Hour happy
hour so everyone that's at like the Expo
exhibiting is going to be doing like
there's a party I guess so I've never
heard of that that before so let's check
that
[Music]
out the Expo is shedding down the bar is
getting set
[Music]
up started here in 5 minutes the bar is
now open though if you would like to
grab a drink before we get started
apparently at the end of the first day
of the Expo there's a little party for
all the exhibitors the race director for
the Chicago marathon says a few words
about how many people came through the
expo hall that day and he thanks
everyone for helping make the Chicago
Marathon Expo a
success the charity groups are invited
to and it was a nice surprise to see
some friends there and the baa guy who I
see everywhere but I've never met was
it's also there that's it from the XEL
and the industry Social
Hour the happy hour now we're going to
get some dinner
[Music]
Lindsay had made dinner reservations for
a bunch of us and we went to Robert's
Pizza which I had never been to before
it's in streeterville locals don't ever
really eat in streeterville but the food
was good and Peter finally made it into
town the Ambiance was delightful and it
was good to have a quiet dinner with
friends before things got really hectic
good morning it is currently a little
bit after 9:00 a.m. on a Friday here in
Chicago this year my Chicago Marathon
coverage is going to be different than
what I normally do because normally I
run the race this year I'm going to try
and cover it more like a journalist
let's go pick up my media
[Music]
credentials months ago I had applied for
media credentials I was hoping for a
starting Corral and finish line access
is part of my coverage of the American
Pro women specifically at first Chicago
marathon was all confused and kept
asking what Outlet am I from and I told
them I'm just a YouTuber but I cover
races and sent them links to some of my
previous
[Music]
work eventually they came back and said
I could have some access although not
behind the finish line and I felt like
that was good enough at least they
didn't say no but when I kept getting
emails about scheduling for the press
conference and which athletes would be
in attendance there I thought that my
level of access included being able to
go to the press conference but
apparently that was not the case they
were really nice about it but they
weren't allowing me in all right thank
you very
much all right guys so I was not allowed
into the press conference I have some
credentials but my credentials Aren't
Enough credential to get into the press
conference on the plus side I found
Peter hey also rejected from the press
conference yeah so I feel a little bit
less Bad Peter didn't get in also P
Alvarez who shoots really great stuff
and is here to shoot for A6 also
couldn't get to the press conference so
I feel like I'm in good company is but
now we've got some extra time on the
calendar so we're going to go check out
tracki the tracksmith pop pu has been in
the same space for several years now and
while part of me wishes they would try
something different the fact that they
are choosing tradition over novelty is
just about the most East Coast thing
that this New England brand could do
it's still one of the best opportunities
you'll have to touch and feel so much of
the tracksmith catalog in one place at
one time and their Marathon Majors merch
is always topnotch plus they had
tracksmith bananas
[Music]
all right that's it from the tracksmith
popup it's always so dark in there it's
hard to really photograph but they
always do such a nice
job now let's head over to
[Music]
bandit in contrast to the tradition of
tracksmith bandit has reinvented itself
every year in Chicago this year's theme
was Architects Studio which works well
for a city that has had to rebuild
itself from literal ashes and whose
Architects were charged with the Mantra
make no small
plans it took us over an hour to get
into the space but the time passed
quickly I was in line with friends and I
kept bumping into other people I knew
this line for Bandit is super long never
seen anything like
[Music]
this hey how's it going camera good to
see you again man how are you yeah I'm
doing good good to see you
[Music]
yeah once inside the space delivered on
the architect's theme race product was
flying off the shelves and there was
coffee and going back to that
architect's Mantra the full quote from
Daniel Burnham goes like this make no
small plans for they have no magic to
stir men's blood and probably the eles
will not be
realized I've always thought that this
was a good quote for both Architects and
Runners left the Bandit popup it was a
really long wait but very well done in
there they
always have such a great takes on what
modern retail should look like it's
amazing uh Peter's going to head back to
the Expo I don't know what he's doing
there but he's got to go back suggested
he take a divy bike uh and now
I think I have enough
time to go for a run so I'm going to
stop on my car change real quick and
then hit the L from cuz I haven't done
that in a long
time before we moved out to the far
suburbs a couple years ago I used to run
these routes every day and I've been
back since but for some reason on this
particular run I was feeling nostalgic
the old shoes that I really love testing
here the frustrations of low heart rate
training and the Relentless windiness of
Winter the memories all came flooding
back today and for a moment I wondered
if maybe perhaps the pavement remembered
me too it didn't feel like it did and
while I was feeling suddenly very lonely
it was overall good to turn the legs
over and enjoy the Run
halfway into the run about 3 and 1 half
miles from
downtown sure do
[Music]
miss now I've been thinking about the
press conference thing all morning and I
was kind of sour about it but before any
anyone gets all mad at Chicago marathon
um I do want to say that they did turn a
lot of people away from the press
conference like hoe uh kzy couldn't get
in there um I think they ultimately let
him in but he forgot his like
credentials up in his hotel room and
when he didn't have them they wouldn't
let him in so I mean they were pretty
strict about who they were letting into
the press conference um
but I'm not sure but I think that when I
requested media credentials
I only requested like start line and
finish line access I don't know if I had
to specifically state that I wanted
access to the press conference or
not if that's the case and I didn't then
that's on me but I'm not sure I don't
remember
anyway I thought that the uh ShakeOut
run was like kind of far and I thought I
might have to move my car but it's
actually just up the street so I'm going
to leave my car here and head over
[Music]
the first ShakeOut run that I would be
hosting for Chicago marathon weekend was
at industry ALS it's a pretty new spot
in Chicago and it was gorgeous on the
inside rabbit was there to support the
kafui Run club by letting us demo their
new Dreamchaser shoe and most
importantly they provided a space for us
all to
[Music]
meet oh
on I love it I love it
awesome after we put on some new shoes
and chatted for a bit rabbit Sam
welcomed everyone and explained the
route and then we were off for a sunset
run
yo all right thank you guys thank
you the route took us over to the
lakefront and over to the Planetarium at
the turnaround point we waited for the
entire group to assemble and then of
course we took a selfie we are a mile
and a half into the
Run got beautiful sunset Chicago is
really treating us
today fun fact this is where my wife and
I took our wedding photos about 17 years
prior we then took the same route back
to Industry ALS and headed to the
upstairs bar for some rehydration with a
special rabbit 26.2 Brew there was food
rabbit raffled off a bunch of prizes and
the atmosphere was perfect for a Friday
[Music]
[Music]
night good morning everybody it is 8:15
in the morning in Chicago on a
Saturday the day before the marathon So
today we're going on a ShakeOut run
let's go meet in Lincoln Park find
everyone at as6 and
[Music]
Fleet for coming pretty much from the
moment I got to the a6m Fleet Feet event
on Saturday morning I was sworn for
selfies this was incredibly flattering
and I'm always honored to do it it means
so much to me that on the day before
your marathons you all would wait in
line just to spend a moment with with me
I love hearing about how far you've come
to get where you are what your goals are
for the race and I'm always happy to
give tips for Chicago marathon or for
your cheer squad to get around the city
but at a certain point after all the A6
demo shoes were handed out Fleet feed
made sure that I got everyone together
for our group photo before we headed out
for the run all right welcome
[Music]
[Applause]
everybody there's a lot of people here
if it's your first Mar thought tomorrow
raise your
hand
awesome a lot of you guys have been
asking me for one piece of advice and
the one thing that I'll tell you is
everything you need to do tomorrow you
already have within you to do tomorrow
you're going to be able to do it you've
already put in the work you guys are
ready go out there and enjoy those
[Applause]
26.2 you guys ready yeah
yo and then we were off Fleet Fe
provided the Pacers to lead out multiple
groups and we went North along the
lakefront what's going on man good to
see you how are you thanks for
coming it was a bit windy which made the
waters choppy and it was like Chicago
was saying yesterday was about the
skyline and to today is about the Great
Lake guys we've hit the turnaround point
we got 1.7
miles we're going to head back let have
T-shirts pancakes and
celf when we got back to Lincoln Park
as6 and Fleet Feet provided pre-race
pancakes and syrup my apologies to all
the Canadians who attended for the
caliber of our maple syrup we do the
best we can on this side of the border
and the shirts that as6 made for the
kafui Run Club this year were incredible
as6 has been making kafui run Club
shirts for the Chicago ShakeOut every
year and every year it's one of my
favorite things that I get to be a part
of a couple notes about the t-shirts
though I know some of you didn't get a
shirt even though you had a confirmed
RSVP and that the distribution setup
benefits the fastest Runners I'm aware
of the issue and I will try to figure
out something different for next year
also I don't know know why the shirts
say 2025 I did approve the final
graphics and I don't recall there being
any year on the shirt at all but it's
almost 100% certain that I didn't catch
the error so that one's on me last thing
I want to say about the event is thank
you to chase Fleming my videographer for
the weekend he not only helped me
provide footage from this event but he
also helped film The Rabbit event the
night before and also some key moments
from the marathon itself this entire
video just wouldn't be the same without
his contribution and I'll be working
with him again in New York so if you see
him make sure to say
hi all right
guys ran all the miles took all the
Selfies I did not eat any of the
pancakes though I didn't have time for
that but hopefully you guys enjoyed the
breakfast now Chase and I we're going to
go check out the on
[Music]
store an did team up with a local
Brewery and run club for a Chicago
presence this year but I had scheduling
conflicts for a lot of those events so
instead Chase and I went to check out
their new permanent location near Rush
and Division which is the exact right
location for an on store if you know
Chicago the store was pristine and I
love the slide out shoe shelves there
were a lot of shoes that I had not ever
seen before and while some were pretty
exciting that excitement is tempered by
the fact that I often can't tell if if
an on shoe is a running shoe or just run
inspired the apparel though was crisp
and neat on has always excelled in the
apparel and accessories Department
everything they make is just so
[Music]
good finished checking out the on store
has a nice new permanent space there I
love the way that they do
retail I then dropped off chase at his
hotel think we might be meeting up for
dinner later we'll see what his schedule
ends up being like but I've got a little
bit of extra time
today I wasn't sure if I was going to
make it but now I'm glad that I am going
to be able to make it to the Pioneers
[Music]
P Pioneers is a blackowned running
apparel brand that Tommy runs first put
me on to a couple years ago since then
I've had a chance to meet the founder
Sid Baptista and see the company grow
with popups in Boston and New York and
now I was excited to see what Sid and
team had brought to
[Music]
Chicago the space looked amazing
Pioneers has recently announced a formal
partnership with Brooks so there was
glycerin Max and water bottles
decorating the space and the pioneer and
GRC run Club collab merch looked
incredible the whole thing was in the
drip Collective space I did get a coffee
while I was there I drank it at the
counter and it was a welcome moment of
calm and an otherwise frenetic weekend
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right I had a delicious coffee in
there and just sat for a minute kind of
zoned out on my phone for a little while
and had a chance to kind of recover
which was much needed the space in there
is awesome hopefully you had a chance to
check it out you're in
Chicago um man I'm I'm just so happy for
Sid and for years uh to making such
great
progress now I just heard from Ali
Feller she told me she can get me on the
list for her live show today which I
wasn't sure if I'd be able to go or not
cuz I can never RSVP fast enough to get
a ticket for any of her live shows so
I'm happy to get on the list it's not
till 4: so I've got a little bit of time
I think I might be able to squeeze in a
little bit of an extra run
anybody who I'm
anybody anybody who I'm anybody who I'm
anybody all right guys just hit the
three mile Mark going to turn it around
head back get ready for the live
show after changing quickly at my car I
got to the alley on the Run live show
about 30 minutes early and even then the
line to get in was around the block
since I didn't exactly have a ticket to
this show though I kind of hid towards
the back of the space once I got in and
watched as everyone eagerly rushed in to
get a seat near the
stage fun fact after I had gotten denied
at the press conference the day prior I
had bumped into alley on my way out of
the athlete Hotel I was feeling pretty
bummed about the situation and Ally was
nice enough to buy me a coffee to cheer
me up and while we were talking I had
mentioned that at least I had got a
chance to see Emily sis that morning
walking back to the hotel after an early
run and although I've seen her race many
times I'd never actually had the chance
to say hello but Emily appeared to be on
the phone at the time so I didn't bother
her for a photo that's when Ally said
that I should just come to the live show
since Emily Sison was going to be the
guest so this was a real treat for me
thanks Ally for the invite
[Music]
that was a lot of fun in there I hate to
leave early I wanted to save for the
whole time thanks Ellie for making sure
that I could attend today uh it was
super fun but I have dinner plans as
well so we going to hop back in the car
and pick up Tommy we're going to get
some pizza and poly
cheese Tommy had asked me a while ago if
we could go to dinner the Night Before
the Race he knows that I know he's vegan
and as a local I'd know a good
spot I picked paully G's cuz I like the
pizza there they have a vast menu of
vegan and vegetarian offerings and
because it was in Wicker Park and not in
the loop or streeterville it wouldn't be
slammed with other marathoners looking
to carb up we went there with Tommy's
friend Dante who was running her first
Chicago on a Nike bib like Tommy was and
I'd like to think it was a nice low-key
dinner for the night before a race
[Music]
[Music]
all right the athletes are
off it's time to get into position
[Music]
all right guys they are off they're
moving quickly going try to catch up one
or two more times before they leave
theop the world the
world
[Music]
world can't you hear the world is
calling the world is calling the world
is calling for
[Music]
you all right gam Rooker went out
hard she's leading American
women and my right
[Music]
[Music]
there Susanna
Sullivan great job
Susanna great job great job
Bessie let's go bat box is that bat box
is there let's go look go
[Music]
baby guys oh they're all so fast I'm so
tired let's go
Joe woo
earlier I said that Gabby Rooker was
moving really fast I'm Miss spoken Susan
suer she was still ahead of the other
American women and then we just saw Kira
Emma
Betsy all together they were
working now I'm going to head over to a
little bit further out about the little
bit pasta half marathon
like over at uh W look oh my God good to
see you guys how are you how are
[Music]
you just R into Alvarez
gave me a bracelet awesome still think
we
got I think they're at Mile 8 right now
the women are we
got 20 or so minutes till they make it
through there we're at Mile 13
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
looking good em great
job let's go
[Applause]
[Music]
em time to move to the next location
going to try to go to my yo going try to
go to my L te
[Music]
we made it to Greek Town let's see what
we can
[Music]
find all let's go baby
[Music]
great job bety you're looking strong
you're looking strong bety great job
great job ly R your R you're doing great
you're looking good looking
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
strong great job R looking good how far
is left uh she's about like 12 seconds
15 seconds
[Music]
up you're killing
it w good job
sah feeling good
[Music]
Annie look at this guys making it look
[Applause]
easy right I've got maybe 30 minutes
before the American woman cross the line
maybe less it's going to take me some
time to get through security
so oh I'm kind of close
made to to out
roselt not I'm saying the man come in at
203 currently so I haven't missed the
men's finish so I think I'm going to be
in okay shape for the women's
[Music]
all
himself here we go
Chicago
more of America Chicago
America
great
yes
woo of
Kya finish to
joh career
[Music]
[Applause]
all right this could to be a women's
world
record holy crap here they come ladies
and gentlemen and there he
is morning
she
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
good job L good job let's go
[Music]
r congratulations from Top
[Music]
up great job
[Music]
Lauren let's go
Annie great job Dom great job Dom let's
go
[Music]
[Music]
all right so just about time for me to
get out of here
all right super crowded through here
trying to get much further past so I can
get to some space but I just ran to Luke
talet one of my favorite small
YouTubers it's good to see him I never
met him in person but we've been talking
a lot online so good to see him he's
been having a good day he he
particularly enjoyed Central pacing he
didn't know Central was going to be out
here so he's a big
fan that was fun that was fun this this
is why I love Chicago you see everybody
here want to be a woman and so I spent
the rest of my day working backwards
along the course trying to find my
friends I've been enjoying the Chicago
marathon as a racer for the past six
Runnings and while I've enjoyed each one
of those experiences nothing was like
seeing my home City again from this side
of the
barricades sometimes it's hard to tell
when you're burnt out and I'm starting
to realize that I overdid it with
everything this year but this Chicago
the year that I didn't run I'll always
remember it as the year that recharged
me the
most glamour
[Music]

---

# Adidas Adizero Adios Pro 4

this is the adios Pro 4 and by the time
it releases it will have been 2 and 1/2
years since this shoe has gotten an
update and while it's certainly a
stunning shoe was it worth the wait it's
time to lace up the adios pro4 and take
it for a run
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm an not only Runner reviews running
shoes here on YouTube and today I want
to talk to you guys all about the adios
Pro 4 but before I give you my thoughts
on this shoe I do want to go over some
disclosures this is a pair of shoes that
Adidas sent to me for the purpose of
review so I didn't have to pay for these
shoes however no one's paying me to make
this video or to include their shoe in
this video no one knows which other
shoes I'm going to include in this video
and no one's going to get a chance to
preview any of my footage or my thoughts
before you guys get a chance to see this
video on YouTube so with that disclosure
out of the way let's talk about the
adios Pro 4 and let's start with the
specs this is a 39 mm stack heite shoe
with a 6 mm drop giving us 33 mm of
Stack height in the 4 foot and in this
shoe we have two components the first is
Light Strike Pro and the second is the
energy rods 2.0 now as far as the Light
Strike Pro goes it's the same name that
they're using for the foam that goes in
this shoe that they used for last year's
adios Pro 3 but it's a different
formulation of foam than what's in the
adios Pro 3 it's also different than the
similarly named Light Strike Pro foam
that's in the adios Pro Evo one so now
we have three different Foams from
Adidas they are all labeled Light Strike
Pro but they're all very different as
far as the energy rods are concerned
though I believe that energy rods 2.0
are the same energy rods that were used
both in the adios Pro 3 and in the Evo
one so there isn't to much different
going on there but those energy rods are
intended to serve a function that's very
similar to what a carbon fiber plate
would do in a marathon racing shoe now
to protect all this foam and energy rods
we have light traction on the outsole as
well as a little island of Continental
rubber now the light traction portion is
the rubber that used to be almost kind
of clear that's on this shoe here now
it's a little bit stained and dirty from
the miles that I put on this shoe and
then the Continental is this colored
piece of rubber right here right
underneath kind of where the big toe
would be now Adidas tells me and I don't
know if they were supposed to tell me
this or if I'm supposed to be telling
you but I'm going to tell it to you
anyway now Adidas tells me that the
rubbers that they have been developing
the rubber compound that they've been
developing for the outsoles of their
racing product have similar
characteristics in terms of traction and
durability as the Continental product
but they tell me that their Elite
athletes as well as their customers
really enjoy seeing that Continental
co-branding that's on the outo there so
that's why they've maintained certain
aspects of content to rubber on their
shoes I'm not positive that's the only
reason why there's a small section of
content rubber on the adios Pro 4 but I
do know that that is the case for the
rubber compound that they made for the
adios Pro Evo one even though there are
some Elite athletes that prefer to have
a more traditional Continental rubber
outo on their Evo ones moving to the
upper we have a new oper for this year
as well it's Adidas's light lock
material it looks very similar in terms
of the Aesthetics and the design of the
evo1 but the materials are quite
different if we look at the Evo one's
upper it's almost seethrough and Adidas
tells me that that transparency or near
transparency is a met4 for the absolute
lightness of the shoe with the light
lock we're getting kind of a rip stop
type of material material with a diamond
pattern through here but it's still very
lightweight although it's not the most
breathable of materials overall it kind
of feels like kind of like a fabcy paper
almost like currency like like money and
one of the things that I really
appreciate about the tongue on this shoe
is that they've kind of taken a lot of
the similar materials that they used in
the tongue of the adios Pro 3 and made
it in the shape of the tongue on the EVO
One although they did make it a little
bit bigger so it's a bit easier to get
your foot into the shoe and it's also a
lot easier to get the tongue settled as
you're lacing down and cinching
everything up there's a little bit of
bumper pads around the back of the heel
in fact there's a little bit more I
think in the adios Pro 4 than have been
in some of the previous shoes like the
EVO One and the adios Pro 3 but all
these are intended to make the shoe a
little bit more comfortable and help
keep your heel in place I did feel like
getting a really good lock down in the
heel was a little bit difficult and took
a little a little bit of effort and I
think for some of you who kind of
constantly have problems with heel lock
down this one still might not quite be
precise enough for your liking otherwise
I felt like in terms of fit goes this
shoe was true to size for me I went with
my usual running shoe size 9 and I felt
like that was the perfect size altoe
this shoe comes in at a very lightweight
Adidas says that this shoe should come
in at around 200 g for a reference size
I do happen to be reference size US
men's signs 9 mine came a little bit
heavier than that 206 G and 7.2
[Music]
Oz now that we've talked about what this
shoe is like on paper let's talk about
what the shoe is like on foot I'm
absolutely loving the updates to the
adios Pro 4 it feels like a lighter shoe
that allows for quicker turnover there's
a great amount of compression in the
foam and I'm liking the updates to this
new Light Strike Pro not only is the
foam lighter but I also feel like it's
compressing a little bit more while
still retaining a really great amount of
the responsiveness and bounciness that
light strike pro has always been known
for running in the two shoes kind of
like in series one after another I find
that I'm gravitating towards the foam
that's in the adios Pro 4 and every time
I go from adios Pro 4 back to adios Pro
3 the adios Pro 3 almost feels firm for
me and what my foot and stride ER I'm
definitely enjoying the response that
I'm getting back in terms of compression
and decompression from the Light Strike
Pro in the adios Pro 4 now there's some
changes to the geometry of the shoe that
I think make for some improvements in
the shoe and the first kind of way that
the geometry is different is that
they've kind of made the adios Prof for
a little bit narrower it at the front of
the shoe and that's something that I
appreciate because we've seen a trend in
the last year or maybe more where every
shoe seems to be getting wider in in the
hopes of making that shoe a little bit
more stable without having to add a ton
of stability elements and that's even
infiltrated into some of our race
product that we see on the market today
now I don't necessarily think that's
what was going on with the adios Pro 3
uh I think that this is wide in the
forfeit because they were trying to make
this kind of like gigantic almost
circular landing pad for you to be able
to hit the ground and push off on now in
this year's version they have kind of
narrowed that a little bit it's still
really wide almost kind of like at that
base of the pad under your pinky toe but
then it kind of flares in a little bit
more aggressively but it does make the
shoe narrower as you are Towing off and
I feel like what that does is it makes
the shoe feel a little bit more Nimble
now the other way in which that the
geometry is changed is that they moved
where the rocker starts on this shoe now
they've adopted at least what they say
on paper is a 60% rocker position and
but what they mean by that is as you go
through the 100% length of the shoe The
Rocker starts at the 60% position I'm
I'm not positive on it but I believe
with the aios Pro 3 The Rocker didn't
start or this curl on the shoe didn't
start till 70% into the shoe now the
thing that they say is that the 60%
number is pulled directly from the Evo
one I'm not sure if it kind of actually
is or if it just is because there's a
bevel over on this part of the shoe but
the main rocker starts maybe at 65 % in
either it feels earlier than it did in
the I Pro 3 but it doesn't feel quite as
early as in the EVO One But at the end
of the day I do feel the change and I
appreciate wherever this number actually
is I like the position where it is on
the adios pro4 I feel like on the EVO
One The Rocker starts maybe just a
little bit too early at least for a non-
elite Runner like me now when it comes
to sizing and Fit I feel like the adios
Pro 3 has the most generous fit and it
also has some of those similar problems
where the heel can be a little bit
finicky to lock down especially with the
thin laces that Adas is using they
aren't very grippy at all so it's hard
to kind of like selectively apply
pressure in different areas of the shoes
depending on where you might need it on
the other hand even though there is the
same slippery laces in the evo1 I feel
like that upper is just a lot more snug
on the foot and so it's a lot harder to
get in the shoe when you're in it the
material wraps on to your foot a little
bit more tightly and it feels like
there's just a little bit less room in
there I don't think that the size is
wrong I think that's just the cut and
fit that they're looking for the adios
Pro 4 sits in between those two where it
has a little bit less room than the
adios Pro 3 and a little bit more room
than the EVO
[Music]
One now before we wrap the video Let's
zoom out for a moment and see where the
adios Pro 4 fits Within an Adidas lineup
and while there are a lot of different
kinds of shoes that Adidas makes and
those all cater to different preferences
let's build a lineup that I would enjoy
and I think someone who's enjoying the
adios Pro 4 would also enjoy and so
whenever I talk about shoes and a
rotation I always like to start with the
daily trainer and for Adidas right now I
think the best one is the Azo SL it's
the shoe that you're going to run a lot
of daily training miles in and this
one's really great for it because it
does have Light Strike Pro Different
Light Strike Pro that's what in the
audio Pro 4 but a Light Strike Pro foam
which is really nice and then it has a
more daily training foam as a carrier
around that core of foam but it's great
to log those everyday miles and it's got
plenty of durability built into it and
then where the adios Pro 4 would fit in
is as the racing shoe that you would
reach for on race day uh so this is for
your biggest workouts your races uh this
is the shoe that you're going to really
enjoy now for your recovery runs and for
runs that are going to be a little bit
more chill and relax in what you want
for your daily trainer there's a couple
of options out there but right now let's
talk about the ultra boost 5 and the
ultra boost 5x the difference between
those two models is that one has a cage
over here that kind of uh plastic piece
that gives you a little bit more support
I prefer the one that doesn't have the
plastic cage on it and I'm going to put
that over here cuz it's for days where
you want to be a little bit more relaxed
you're not worried as much about pace
you're wored a little bit more about
just pampering yourself now if you have
workouts that are going to be a little
bit faster than what might need for your
daily trainer and maybe not quite as big
or maybe not quite as long uh as what
you're going to use for your Marathon
racer that's where I think a shoe like
the tkumi senent comes into play the
Tumi sent has been penally one of my
favorite shoes that Adidas makes every
year uh and this one is really great for
5K 10K racing and any of those faster
workouts anything that's faster than you
might want to use for a marathon Racing
type of shoe and then if you really want
to go crazy and add a fifth shoe to this
lineup that's s a shoe like the prime X
X2 strong can come in this is a shoe
that has two layers of carbon fiber
plates and Light Strike Pro all
throughout the shoe although again a
Different Light Strike Pro than what's
in the adios Pro 4 and this is a really
fun shoe for long runs if you're going
to be putting some speed into those long
runs so it is a jumbo shoe but it's not
exactly like a MX cushion super relaxed
plush shoe uh it is comfortable but it's
really designed for those times where
you're going to be in your shoes for a
long time and but still want a little
bit of extra oomph to it because you're
going to be putting in either marathon
pace miles or uptempo miles that are
faster than just easy and certainly
faster than recovery and so this would
be kind of like the five shoes that I
think right now make a lot of sense
together as an Adidas running
[Music]
lineup now let's wrap up the video by
talking about the buying guide and we'll
also talk about some Alternatives that
you're likely already considering the
Adidas adios Pro 4 is a lighter and
faster shoe I think it's a really great
blend of its predecessor and also the
EVO One I feel like it takes really
great aspects of each of the shoes to
make a great product that I think Pros
are going to enjoy but I think that non-
Elites especially are going to really
gravitate towards it'll be on sale in
January of 2025 for
$250 and that's quite a bit of time away
so let's take a look at some of those
Alternatives that are available now and
I'm using air quotes because we're
halfway through or more than halfway
through fall Marathon season so while
they're technically on the market they
may be a little bit difficult to find
but in either event let's talk about
some of that competition I mean I feel
like the first two shoes that I need to
talk about are the shoes we've already
been talking about this entire video and
that's going to be either the EVO One or
the adios Pro 3 these are two shoes that
are currently available although I'm not
really recommending the EVO One and the
main reason for that is that it's a $500
shoe that doesn't really have the
durability that I would want for a shoe
that I'm going to recommend to you guys
to spend
$500 on and I do think that's it's
probably the closest thing to the adios
Pro 4 but for most people the
alternative that I'm really going to be
recommending is the adios Pro 3 this is
a shoe that's been available for about 2
years at this point at the time this
video was shot and you can find it
usually for $250 at the full price for
some of the latest colors or you might
be able to find it at a discount for
some of the other colors that are
available it's still a really great shoe
now that I running the adios Pro 4 the
adios Pro 3 has lost a little bit of its
shine but until you run in the adios Pro
4 if you haven't done it yet the adios
Pro 3 is probably going to be the racing
shoe from Adidas that I'm going to be
recommending to people if you are part
of that three stripes life but now let's
take a look at the one shoe from another
brand that I'll talk about today that I
think doesn't really feel the same but I
know a lot of you guys are going to be
thinking about and that's from the
swoosh and this is the alphafly version
3 currently I think it's fair to say
that this is the fastest shoe in the
world at least when it comes to Marathon
because this shoe is the shoe that
Kelvin Kipton ran the men's World
Marathon record in and it's the same
shoe that Ruth chapen Getti ran the
women's world record marathon in just a
couple weeks ago in Chicago in fact both
of those records were set on the streets
of the Chicago in this shoe now the
differences between these shoe are
substantial in comparison to the fit of
the adios Pro 4 the fit on the alpy 3 is
generous if not almost baggy which is a
weird thing to say about an alpha 5 3
cuz the alpha 5 typically every year
have been a bit of a toe cruncher this
one the fit is much more accommodating
the one thing that I will say though is
while I do love a really good knit
material and this is really good racing
knit material the edges of of this shoe
are very harsh so if you like to wear
low socks and you're old like I am uh
you're going to have to be careful
because uh anytime it does touch your
bare skin it's going to make you bleed a
bit of your old blood but in terms of
the real Essences of these shoes let's
talk about the midsoles and the midsole
Technologies I feel like the Zoom
airpods that are in the alphafly 3 feel
very different in comparison it almost
feels a bit clunky and a bit harsh when
you're landing on those foot pads it
kind of reminded me of like when you're
running across a kind of like a plywood
subfloor where there's like a bounce to
it and it's noisy uh those are the kind
of two things that I felt when I was
running in the alpha 5 3 most recently
I'm not really sure what the exact right
word for it is that it's kind of feels
rickety in in comparison to the
smoothness that I'm feeling out of the
adios Pro 4 but then on the other hand
like the noise aside the ritin aside and
kind of that almost mechanical feeling
that I get from the zoom airpods that
are in here I feel like there's still an
efficiency to the shoe that can't be
denied I feel like it's a really great
set it and forget it kind of shoe it
knows how to find what your Marathon
level effort is and it helps you just
run in that for mile after mile after
Mile and it's an excellent racing shoe
it just feels very different than what
you're getting in the adios Pro 4 but to
the Alpha's credit even though it feels
like it's a heavier shoe and the adios
Pro 4 feels like it's a much lighter
shoe the alha 5 3 only comes in 2/10 of
an ounce heavier at 7.4 oun so it's also
a very lightweight and efficient shoe so
depending on what you like I think
that's going to help you decide which
one is the best for you and I think
that's something that's going to be a
theme for all of the super shoes that
are reviewing in 2024 into 2025 we're at
a point where it's not just one brand
having one great product that's way
better than everything else many brands
have a good race product if not multiple
really good race product and which one
is the best is really going to depend on
who's doing the running in them it's
about matching the right Runner with the
right tool so those are my thoughts on
the adios Pro 4 let me know in the
comments if you any questions about this
shoe or any of the shoes that I talked
about today or better yet stop by the
live stream that I do Mondays and
Thursdays over on the kofuzi Run cpub
Channel I'd love to talk to you guys
over there in the chat that's all for
today everybody thanks so much for
making it all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I will
see you in the next one yo what's going
on
[Music]

---

# Adidas Supernova Prima

[Music]
I swear it don't cost much to pay
attention to me I tell it like it is
then I tell it how it could be the hood
be requesting my services oh don't get
nervous it's step your game of time
these ain't them same or rymes designed
to have you dancing in some Club
ride to me women be off in they tub
exfoliating with they pump pums yelling
go 3,000 I'm in my whatever Bing 100
miles running running running running
sumon woman coming sit down heard you
need some pling Dunning I'm a SW mood a
rather swoll

---

# MetaSpeed Sky Prototype

let's try something else
[Music]
[Music]
he

---

# Brooks Glycerin Max

when it comes to running shoes softness
is a deceptively complex feature and
previously Brooks's take on softness for
me personally always felt uncomfortably
firm but this is the new glycerin Max
with its new foam and bold design will
this be the max cushion Brooks that I've
always been wanting it's time to lace up
the glycerin Max and take it for a run
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm a non Elite Runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys all about the
allnew Brooks Glycerin Max but before I
give you my thoughts on this shoe I do
want to go over some disclosures this is
a pair of shoes that Fleet Feet sent to
me for the purpose of review so I did
not have to pay for these shoes however
nobody's paying me to make this video or
to include their shoe in this video and
no one's going to get a chance to
preview any of my footage or my thoughts
before you guys get a chance to see this
video on YouTube so with that disclosure
out of the way let's talk about the
Brooks Glycerin Max and let's start with
the specs this is a tall shoe 45 mm of
total stack height in the heel with a 6
mm drop giving you 39 mm of Stack height
in the 4 foot and the main story for
this shoe at least for me is that
they're using an all new foam in this
shoe Brooks calls this foam DNA tuned
it's a Nitro based foam which means
they're using nitrogen gas is part of
the manufacturing process and it's kind
of a two foam system in a way it seems
to me like it's all kind of like one
piece of foam but there are two
different size cells that they're using
in the foam itself and by cells there're
using little beads of material Source
material compressing it and heating it
up to a very high level and then
injecting the gas in it and that makes
bubbles and then they're using larger
cells or larger bubbles in the heel of
the shoe and then smaller bubbles in the
forefoot and Brooks tells me that the
reason for that is that the larger cell
foam gives them more cushiness more
softness and then the smaller cell foam
is more tightly compressed and packed
together and so that's going to give you
a little bit more sense of Bounce and I
think there's two main things that are
notable about this one is that I'm
excited when ever Brooks experiments
with new Foams they're notoriously a
little bit reluctant or conservative
when it comes to experimenting with
their shoes especially for a storyed
line from Brooks like the glycerin and
that's why I think there's this glycerin
Max which is an offshoot that lets them
play around a little bit more but the
other thing that's notable about this is
that it switches the Paradigm that
Brooks typically uses in their shoes so
like at least in older shoes like the
shoes that I first started testing in
Brooks which would have been like the
Brooks ghost 10 several years years ago
they flipped it around where the firmer
foam was in the heel and the softer foam
was in the forefoot and the idea being
when you come crashing down on that heel
they needed that part of the shoe to be
firmer so they could better absorb the
full force of your foot and body hitting
the ground and then inevitably because
of that 12 mm drop when your foot
slapped down you needed to have a soft
material to absorb the impact from that
Heel To Toe slapping that a 12 mm drop
can create for some people like it did
for me now it's reversed where the
softer foam is in the heel so you have a
softer Landing if you are a heel Striker
and then as you're rolling forward
you're bouncing and pushing off of a
more responsive foam and that whole
motion is aided by what Brooks calls its
Glide roll rocker geometry in other
words the front of the shoe is carved a
little bit so that way it helps you roll
forward and this large stack height is a
little bit easier for your foot to
manage now to protect all this fo Brooks
has put a bunch of rubber on the outsole
it's not full coverage rubber outsole so
we're not looking at some of those old
Brooks ghost 10 uh there is some exposed
foam in here to help shed weight and
make it easier for this foam to bend and
squish uh but also there is plenty of
rubber where there is rubber on the shoe
so not only do I think that this foam
based on the way they've made it is
going to last a long time I think this
rubber is also going to give you plenty
of grip for a long time as well moving
to the upper I think that the design on
this shoe is fantastic and the upper is
very comfortable as Brooks uppers always
tend to be we're using a pretty standard
material for a Brooks shoe in the upper
here uh the tongue I think is pulled
straight from uh Brooks ghost uh and
there is a decent amount of padding in
the back of the heel and into this
Achilles flare a little bit more padding
than I would have liked to have seen uh
and there's also a lot of structure in
this heel cup again more than I would
have liked to have seen but something
that's pretty common for shoes in this
category of Max cushion shoe and overall
I do really like the design I also
really enjoy this Brooks logo that they
put on the side of this shoe it's over
the top and it definitely adds
unnecessary weight but I do think it
overall adds to the aesthetic that makes
this probably the best looking Brooks
shoe that I've ever seen now Brooks
tells me that this shoe comes in at a
weight of 10.5 o for their reference
size but I am reference size and my size
n that Brook sent to me came in a little
bit heavier coming in at 10.8 Oz or 308
G now that we've talked about what the
shoe is like on paper let's talk about
what it's like on foot and I got to say
the Brooks Glycerin Max is the max
cushion shoe from Brooks that I've
always been waiting for I love the
amount of cushion and softness that I'm
feeling in this shoe I'm feeling
absolutely pampered every time I put my
foot into it the softness here is what I
think softness should be every time my
foot hits the ground I feel like I'm
compressing the foam really nicely it's
absorbing the impact of my foot strike
and then I'm rolling through with that
gly roll rocker geometry and then the
foam is decompressing and giving me a
nice pleasant amount of Pop as I head
into the next step I feel like it's a
very modern shoe and a very comfortable
shoe I feel like they're using
technology to the runner's benefit in it
it's comfortable it's going to be great
on feet for a long period of time
whether you're running a recovery run or
looking to set a longdistance PR this is
a very comfortable shoe to be in it's
also looks great and very comfortable
for all day casual wear the one thing
that I wouldn't do in this shoe is take
it for workouts it is a heavy shoe with
my size 9 weighing in over 300 G and
over 10 o by a hefty margin uh you can
do things like uh strides where you're
picking up the pace for a very short
bursts of time and the actual speed
really isn't the point of strides but
anything that's longer than strides in
terms of picking up the pace workouts I
really would reach for something else uh
and and save the Brooks Glycerin Max for
a day where I just want to have a
comfortable experience now there is a
quite wide footprint on this shoe as
well and so that's going to help the
shoe from getting too unstable when your
foot hits the ground so without having
traditional stability elements the shoe
does have some stability or motion
control kind of built into it I didn't
find this to be a problem and I felt
like the shoe was ultimately quite
comfortable and it all made sense to me
but for those of you who are traditional
glycerin fans you might find this shoe
to be a little bit too mushy and a
little bit too wobbly so you might want
to stay away from something that's this
soft I went true to size for my glycerin
Max and that worked out really well for
me if you're familiar with Brooks I
would go with your normal Brooks sizing
[Music]
now before we wrap up this video let's
take a step back and look at the Brooks
lineup a little bit more generally to
see where the glycerin Max fits in and
right now with Brooks they have pretty
much an entire lineup of Max shoes so
let's try and make a lineup using that
with the daily trainer we have the ghost
Max which is the ghost that I've always
wished that Brooks would make and so
that's going to be the kind of
centerpiece of a Brooks lineup if you
like the Max shoes and then I think for
workouts a shoe that you can hop into is
another Max shoe and that's the Hyperion
Max I think that would go over here
that's something you could use whever
you want to go a little bit faster than
you might want to go in your ghost or
ghost Max that's where I reached for the
Hyperion Max the Hyperion being one of
my favorite shoes that Brooks had ever
made at the time that it first came out
now there's a Max version of it a little
bit more stack height a little bit more
softness to it but still very much a
speed oriented shoe not a shoe that I
would necessarily reach for for every
day but for the fast days that's when
I'd reach for the Hyperion Max and then
the glycerin Max fits in on the other
side of the spectrum over here for those
days where you want to be on feet for a
long time and as comfortable as possible
this is where I would reach for the
glycerin Max now for racing there is the
Hyperion Elite shoe and technically that
would fit over here it has a carbon
plate in it and it's even lighter the
upper is absolutely fantastic very
minimal padding very floppy heel cup the
kind of things that I want to see when I
want to go fast but I don't actually
love this shoe and I think that this
rotation is better served if you just
leave it at these three shoes use the
ghost Max for every day glycerin Max for
Recovery days and long runs and then you
reach for your Hyperion Max for your
workouts and for your racing I think
right now the Hyperion Max is the best
racing shoe that Brooks makes now
Chicago marathon was earlier this week
and I did just see it what looked like
maybe perhaps just a color update but I
think there's a little bit more to that
story I don't have any information
that's been confirmed yet that I can
report on so keep an eye out for
something new from Brooks in the race
category but for now this is the lineup
that I would go with and I will note
that both the ghost Max and the Hyperion
Max do have updates so we're on version
two of each of these shoes I have put in
a request to Brooks to see if they would
send me a pair of those those are all on
the way so stay tuned And subscribe if
you want to see updates of those videos
but this is the Brooks lineup that I am
really excited
[Music]
about now let's wrap up the video by
talking about the buying guide and then
we'll also go into some Alternatives
that you're going to want to consider if
you're interested in the glycerin Max
the Brooks Glycerin Max is the max
cushion shoe that I've always been
wanting for Brooks to make and I hope
that shoes like this and the ghost Max
are signs of shoes to come and not just
one-off experiments that languish in the
BL labs this is a brand new shoe so
there isn't a PRI years version that you
might be able to save a couple of bucks
on and I also think that this shoe is
substantially different than the
existing glycerin Series so I don't
really feel like these are meaningful
substitutes so if you want to get your
foot into the new newness from Brooks
you're going to be looking at $200 I
think that price is a little bit High I
wish it were lower than that but let's
take a look at some of the competition
to see where that $200 Stacks up the
first shoe I want to talk about I think
is the shoe that is the closest to the
glycerin Max and it's also a shoe that I
very recently reviewed on the channel
and that's from Puma it's the mag Max
another Max suffix shoe like the
glycerin Max this is a very tall shoe
using Nitro based Foams The Source
material for the magmax is a little bit
different and I think that's the main
differentiator between these two shoes
well they both look like they could be
big cushy comfortable shoes and in many
respects they are I do think that the
magmax is a little bit bouncier and a
little bit less mushy or in other words
the glycerin Max is a little bit more
comfortable and a little bit more plush
but they're both really great examples
of the max cushion genre the mag Max
though comes in at a $20 discount of 180
bucks and then the other shoe that I
don't think really lines up all that
well but I think because of the pricing
and because of the size of the shoes a
lot of you guys have been asking me to
compare these two so I will and that's
from as6 that's the super Blast 2 these
are both very tall shoes that look like
they're going to be all day low and slow
Cruisers but I actually use these two
shoes quite differently the giser max is
an excellent example of Max cushion shoe
where I don't care about Pace but I'm
trying to log time on feet and get those
miles in in the most comfortable way
possible the super Blast 2 can be used
that way and it's pretty good for that
but at $200 I think that's overkill for
that task the way I love to use the
super Blast 2 is for something where I
am going to be on feet for a long time
but it's a situation where I'm going to
want to go fast for an extended period
of time now it doesn't have a carbon
fiber plate so it's not per se a race
shoe but it does have racing foam in it
as its main ingredient there's also a
daily training foam on the bottom to
help kind of stabilize all this foam and
keep it from getting too unstable but
this is a shoe where if I have a long
run where I'm going to be running a lot
of marathon pce miles or if I'm going to
be doing a workout where the reps are
very long this is a really great shoe
for for me to be in so it gives me that
combination of Max cushion and racing
shoe kind of sandwiched into one in a
way that on paper doesn't always Mak
sense but on foot it just does even then
I think that $200 is touch high for what
the super blast offers but they both
come in at the same price and depending
on what you want out of your big shoe I
think that's really going to Define
which of these two options you're going
to pick so those are my thoughts on the
Brooks Glycerin Max great job Brooks I
really love this one let's see more just
like it if you have any questions about
this shoe or any of the shoes that I
talked about today feel free to put them
in the comments down below or better yet
stop by the live stream that I do
Mondays and Thursdays over on the kofuzi
Run Club Channel I'd love to talk to you
guys over there in the chat that's all I
for today everybody thanks so much for
making all the way to the end of this
video hopefully you guys are staying
safe out there on your runs and I will
see you in the next one yo what's going
on
[Music]
I

---

# Chicago Marathon Champion

as fake with haveit J status appears the
be all time high perfect time to say
when I come back
like Ain to play games with you aim you
prob you if I owe you I'm you
the take one for your team and I need
you remember one thing I
came you want this un I need you to
scream to your l
[Music]

---

# Chicago Marathon 2024. Boys

[Music]
look at
go
go let's go B Fox is said B box
[Music]
baby more day I get one down in a second
if you wa sometimes I think
everyone's
[Music]
winner seconds 15
seconds my name

---

# Chicago Marathon 2024. Pro Women

[Music]
young bad girls do it well F young bad
girls do it well F young bad girls do it
well F young bad girls do it well my
chain H my chest when I'm banging on the
dashb my chain hits my chest when I'm
backing on the radio back get down Pull
Me closer if you think you can hang
hands up hands high don't screaming if I
blow you with a B ah Su I'm coming in
the Cherokee gasoline there them on the
in the screen take it take it Wills
bouncing like a trampoline when I get to
where I'm going going to have you
trampoline young B girl do it
wild young B girls do it

---

# On Cloudmonster Hyper - After 100 Miles

on shoes have a tendency to start off
strong for me but the love affair Fades
fast and I just lose interest but after
a summer of running did the peba 4f foot
and no speedboard of these shoes help
Buck this trend let's talk about the on
cloud Monster hyper after 100 miles
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kofuzi and
I'm a non- elite Runner who views
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys all about the
on cloud Monster hyper after 100 miles
but before I do I do want to go over
some disclosures this is a pair of shoes
that on sent to me for the purpose of
review so I did not have to pay for
these shoes however nobody's paying me
to make this video or to include their
shoe in this video and no one's going to
get a chance to preview any of my
footage or my thoughts before you guys
get a chance to see this video on
YouTube so with that disclosure out of
the way let's talk about the oncloud
Monster hyper after 100 miles and let's
start with how I've been using the shoe
now I initially thought that I might use
this shoe as a daily trainer slash long
run shoe something that I could put in a
lot of miles and even pick up the pace
given that there's that race calor foam
in the for foot but that's not how I
ended up liking using this shoe instead
I ended up using this shoe as pretty
much a standard daily trainer for any
day where I was just loging easy regular
everyday miles or if I wanted to use
something for a recovery run and wanted
a little hint of stability because I do
find the shoe to be relatively stable
for a neutral shoe now it was easy for
me to reach for the shoe on those
recovery days and those regular easy
days the shoe was very pleasant and
agreeable to run in it just wasn't all
that interesting I really felt like I
should have been getting more out of a
shoe that had so much peba in the
forefoot and that was so bold as to
remove the speedboard from a shoe model
that typically has always had a
speedboard I did enjoy my time in the
shoe but it was just a bit underwhelming
they went through all these changes they
increased the price by a whole bunch and
I just wasn't feeling any benefit of the
cloud Monster hyper over its sibling the
regular Cloud monster
2 next let's talk about how the shoes
have been holding up physically after
100 miles I feel like the shoes are
holding up very well there's very few
signs of wear and tear putting my foot
into the shoes they feel like pretty
much a brand new pair of shoes and
Visually everything's holding up really
well nothing's wearing down too quickly
and everything seems like it's a pretty
fresh shoe I did run with these all
throughout the summer so they don't
smell the freshest but otherwise
everything is holding up really nicely
looking at the outo there is a little
bit of wear that's occurring on some of
the higher wear areas of the rubber but
nothing that I wouldn't expect for a
100m shoe and one thing that you guys
always ask me about when it comes to on
shoes is whether or not I'm getting a
squeak from the shoe and for the most
part I don't get squeak from my on shoes
the only time I get them and that's the
case for this shoe too is after I've run
through a big puddle that's where I will
start to hear a squeak because I think
the extra moisture that's in the shoe is
helping to create some of that squeaking
sound I think that it's not an issue for
me maybe because of my size I think for
my bigger taller friends it might be
more of an issue and the one thing that
I do want to say that I really didn't
like in terms of the construction of the
shoe which otherwise is I think is
spectacular is that the laces are just
terrible they're a little bit on the
long side which is kind of nice because
most of the shoes that I've come across
these days have laces that are way too
short the length on these laces is
pretty good more than I need but if
you're trying to actually do a run or
not there's plenty there but the laces
get untied all the time now they do have
these little grippy bits on the back
side of the laces to help kind of
prevent them from getting accidentally
untied as you run but even that doesn't
do very much to keep these shoes from
getting untied on their own I typically
find myself triple knotting these shoes
otherwise I'm going to be stopping
somewhere
[Music]
[Music]
mid-run before we wrap up the video
let's take a moment to talk about on a
little bit more generally at least on
running shoes uh and see where the
oncloud Monster hyper fits within the
broader on running lineup now when it
comes to on a lot of people think about
the clouds in other words these holes
that are in the sides of the shoe as
kind of like the defining feature of
on-running shoes and while in a large
part you're correct you're not wrong for
me the defining thing about on shoes is
the speedboard there's like a little
piece of plastic that's in between the
upper and the midsole of the shoe that's
intended to serve a little bit of a
carbon fiber plate style of function now
for a lot of the on shoes the First on
shoes that were developed for the first
several years of the Brand's existence
they all had some level of speedboard
and they had a variety of different
levels of rigidity to them some were
more flexible and more of kind of like a
rock plate and others were more rigid
and acting more like a carbon fiber
plate and so a shoe like the CL Monster
version one had a speedboard and regular
shaped clouds now on also makes race
product and I think what distinguishes
their race product from their regular
product like this shoe the on cloud boom
Echo 3 is that the speed board in these
shoes is actually made out of carbon so
it's a carbon fiber plate this one you
can kind of see in the spaces in between
uh the top and lower layers of this
midle foam here this one I feel like is
more of a 5k 10K racing option and they
also have the cloud strike which again
has a carbon fiber plate or a carbon
speedboard note that this is very
different than the cloud strike light
spray the Fantastic like 3D printed
sprayon shoe that we saw they have the
same name uh but this shoe is a little
bit different but these are two
different Racing shoes it's going to be
an either or decision in terms of which
shoe to race in now the other kind of
shoe that on makes is a shoe with no
speedboard at all that's a relatively
new development I think last year was
the first year they started doing that
and that's shoes like this the cloud
Surfer which is probably my second
favorite on shoe ever made uh this has
no speedboard at all and a slightly
different shape of cloud I think to kind
of compensate for the lack of a
speedboard and there's also the cloud
Eclipse which is my favorite on shoe
that they've ever made it's more of a
long run shoe it's something that could
soak up a lot of miles and pick up the
pace a little bit that's another kind of
shoe that exists here now within kind of
both of these lines the speedboard and
no speedboard there's an entire lineup
of shoes that exist with the speed
boarded shoes there is a Max cushion
shoe like the oncloud monster there's a
cloud Stratus and there's other shoes
that are fitting the daily trainer and
the session shoe category and the type
of Runner that those shoes appeal to I
believe are those that prefer more of a
European style of running shoe and daily
trainer something that's a little bit
more stable and a little bit more firm
not as squishy spongy as we may prefer
in North America and so that's kind of
how I understand the speed boarded shoes
from on and I feel like the modern take
on that is the no speed boarded shoes
from on which use the cloudtech phase I
really prefer these and I feel like
these are targeted squarely at the North
American Market where we want something
that's a little bit spongier for our
easy runs like the cloud Surfer or our
long runs and Max cushion runs like with
the on cloud eclipse and then you have
the race product no matter which of
these two styles of shoes speedboard or
no speedboard you like you're going to
be bumping up to the carbon plated
product if you want to have an entire
lineup with on but these are kind of two
parallel verticals well sometimes there
might be some crossing over in terms of
what people like but for the most part I
think these are designed for two
different kinds of Runners and now
what's unusual is that the cloud Monster
hyper kind of fits in the cloud monster
1 and Cloud monster 2 category of the
speed boarded shoe but because of the
way they introduce the peba foam in this
midfoot there actually is no speedboard
so it kind of sits in the middle
although functionally it still feels
very much like a speed boarded shoe so
that's where it fits now I know this is
a little bit different than the normal
kind of like shoe rotation that I might
set out for a brand but I thought it
might be helpful to kind of like
understand on in terms of these three
parallel
pillars now let's close out the video by
going over an updated buying guide now
that the shoe's been out for a little
while and we'll go over some updated
recommendations of other shoes that you
might want to also consider the oncloud
Monster hyper is what the cloud monster
2 really should have been I don't really
understand why there's two different
shoes in the lineup this year and while
this is a pretty good shoe at
$220 this is just way too expensive even
for an on shoe if you are absolutely
dead set on getting an on cloud monster
I'd say go back to version one they look
very similar and you can get into that
shoe for
$170 the difference in performance
between those shoes really isn't that
different but the thing that I would
probably steer you toward more if I
could would be the oncloud eclipse at
180 that is my favorite on shoe but
let's take a look at some Alternatives
the first shoe that I want to take a
look at is from Hoka and that is the
Skyward X this is another shoe that I
think sounded really intriguing but
ended up being a little bit
underwhelming for me although I know
there's a lot of you guys out there that
absolutely love this shoe and love what
it has to offer and what it has to offer
is a pea top layer and some super
critical foam it has a kind of a carbon
fiber plate in here so on paper it's at
least designed to be a big cushion shoe
that can pick up the pace which is I
kind of think what the oncloud Monster
hyper was trying to accomplish and I
think both of these shoes do a decent
job at that task of being kind of like a
Max cushion shoe slash a long run shoe
but they just don't really suit my
preferences and they don't really work
well for me I do think that each of
these shoes is going to be something
that's going to appeal to some of my
bigger taller friends or for some of you
that want a little bit more stability in
your long run shoes and this shoe
actually is priced pretty similarly to
the on cloud minder hyper the Hoka
Skyward X comes in at
$225 which I definitely think that's way
too expensive for that shoe but at least
we're talking about the same price
ranges for each of these two shoes now
if you're like me you think both of
those shoes are way out of whack when it
comes to what they're priced at I got
another shoe that I think you should
take a look at and that's from saky
that's the Triumph 22 again I think that
what this shoe is trying to do this year
is very similar to what the oncloud
Monster hyper is trying to do and I
think they're both kind of achieving the
same level of success that the Triumph
22 uses an all power power run PB
midsole foam this year that means it has
a beaded peba midsole foam that is the
same type of foam that they use in their
race product but it's shaped differently
and there isn't a carbon fiber plate to
give this more of a daily trainer
recovery run kind of feel in effect I
find this shoe to be a little bit less
interesting than what the paper specs
would suggest but it is a very reliable
daily training shoe that you can also
use for your recovery runs but it's
lacking that a little bit of something
that I was hoping that I would have just
like the oncloud Monster hyper the plus
side though for this shoe is that it
comes in at a bargain relatively
speaking price of
$160 the oncloud Monster hyper does look
a lot better though so those are my
thoughts on the oncloud Monster hyper
let me know in the comments if you have
any questions about this shoe or any of
the shoes that I talked about today or
better yet stop by the live stream that
I do Mondays and Thursdays over on the
kofuzi Run clip Channel I'd love to talk
to you guys over there in the chat
that's all I have for today everybody
thanks so much BR here all the way to
the end of this video hopefully you guys
are staying safe out there on your runs
and I will see you in the next one yo
what's going on
[Music]

---

# Hoka Skyflow

just another minute with the lights out
I've been too down bad caught on my
words don't even know what you said what
you heard this ain't the real me she in
the woods with the bees and the birds
fly all the got me scared SM scar to die
do I clean it up let it Li pour another
[Music]
cup
mind me trying to Chan octob Sky only
light it up you fall love

---

# Puma MagMax

this is the Puma mag Max and it's got a
double tall dose of nitro foam will it
be the max cushion Cruiser that the name
implies or will this just be another big
shoe that ends up being a bit too firm
time to lace up the mag Max and take it
for a run
[Music]
yo what's going on my name is kzi and
I'm a non-elite runner who reviews
running shoes here on YouTube and today
I want to talk to you guys all about the
Puma mag Max but before I give you my
thoughts on this shoe I do want to go
over some disclosures this is a pair of
shoes that Puma sent to me for the
purpose a review so I didn't have to pay
for these shoes however nobody's paying
me to make this video or to include
their shoe in this video and no one's
going to get a chance to preview any of
my footage of my thoughts before you
guys get a chance to see this video on
YouTube so with that disclosure out of
the way let's talk about the Puma mag
Max and let's start with the specs this
is a very tall shoe starting out at 46
mm of stack heite in the heel and
dropping down to 38 mm of Stack height
in the 4 foot giving us an 8 mm drop and
the only thing as far as I know from
this shoe is that there is Nitro foam in
this shoe now a lot of times when I
think about Nitro Foams I think of it as
being lightweight and fast but I don't
always think of it as being soft and so
seeing this much stack heite of nitro
foam initially gave me a lot of concerns
but stay tuned for the what's it like
section of the video where I can talk
about what it's like to actually run in
the shoe now protecting all this stack
heite is Puma grip it's a nice thick
layer of rubber on the outsole Puma is
tending for this shoe to give you 500
mil or for more of durability so they're
going to need a lot of rubber to protect
the midsole foam and that midsole foam
has to be a highly durable material
which Nitro foam historically have been
moving to the upper we have an
engineered mesh which is supported by
power tape there is a very comfortable
knit tongue which I'm very much enjoying
and a minimal amount of padding
relatively speaking for a shoe of this
size and of this type there is a little
bit of rigidity built into the back of
this Heel Cup and the foam definitely
kind of Scoops up around the back of the
heel and on the sides of your ankle to
give you a little bit of support and
further aiding in that support is the
very wide footprint so that way your
foot doesn't move around too much
whenever it hits the ground now in terms
of fit I do want to mention something
specifically Puma normally sends me my
usual running shoe size that's a US
men's n in this shoe they sent me a 9
and a half I don't know if that's just
the tester sizes they had remaining
because sometimes I get kind of whatever
the brands have left to send out to
testers or if they thought that this was
something that needed me to size up I
will say that the 9 and A2 which is a
half size up from what I normally wear
was really comfortable and for most of
my testing of this shoe I kind of forgot
that I was a half size up so I would say
if you're the type that sometimes sizes
up size up on this one now Puma says
that this shoe comes in at a stated
weight of 290 G but that would be for
the usmen size 9 the size 9 1/2 that I
had came in a little bit heavier at 302
G and 10.6 6
[Music]
oz now that we've talked about what this
shoe is like on paper let's talk about
what it's like on foot I'm absolutely
loving the Puma magmax and I feel like
it sets the new standard for what Max
cushion shoes should be like in 2024 for
a long time we've been getting a lot of
bigger taller Max cushion shoes but they
haven't been getting commensurately soft
and cushioned the Puma mag Max proves
that you can do both of those things get
bigger get taller get more cushion and
get a more comfortable experience using
new techniques and new Foams now I
mentioned earlier in the video that
sometimes Nitro foam gets to be a little
bit on the firm side I don't think that
softness is Nitro Forte but I'm not sure
how they've tweaked the formula of this
Nitro foam or if just adding more Nitro
foam like this makes it feel softer
underfoot but they're doing a fantastic
job of balancing and cushioning and
bounce in this shoe in other words it is
a big soft shoe but it's not mushy
underfoot which is something we get a
lot of times in these Max cushion shoes
and I usually take that as an acceptable
trade-off for a shoe that I just want to
be in for a long period of time or just
want to take for a really comfy relaxed
recovery run but this lets me have kind
of The Best of Both Worlds where it has
that daily trainer feel while still
having that extra level of comfort and
cushion now I do think that you could
even pick up the pace and do a couple of
short bursts of speed in this like if
you had some strides at the end of an
easy run but I think that even with the
foam that's in this shoe uh the size and
the weight of the shoe would make it a
little bit cumbersome for anything
longer than just a couple of strides
like I wouldn't want to take it out for
a workout but if you've got a long slow
distance run or just a regular everyday
run or recovery run this shoe is going
to be really fun and comfortable for you
to put your foot into I started testing
this shoe out before I ran the Berlin
marathon and I loved it for just regular
easy run days and then I also tested it
after I came back from Berlin and used
it for a recovery run and it was just
the thing that my feet
[Music]
needed now before we wrap up this video
let's take a step back and look at where
the magmax might fit within a broader
Puma lineup now whenever I take a look
at a running shoe brand I always like to
start with the daily trainer and from
Puma that's going to be the velocity
Nitro 3 it also has Nitro foam in here
but it's a little bit lower to the
ground so you could use it for a wider
variety of paces and kinds of runs it's
also built for high levels of durability
and that's going to be kind of the
anchor and center point of a puma lineup
now when it comes to racing there's two
different options that Puma has
available depending on your preferences
and the one that I'm going to talk about
today is the devi8 Nitro Elite 3 it's
one of the lightest most Nimble Racing
shoes on the market it's got an updated
version of nitro Elite foam which is
even more premium type of racing foam
and it's got a carpon fiber plate that's
going to go right here you might also in
the alternative use the Puma fast R2
which is a shoe that I particularly like
but it's going to be an either or
situation you're either going to use the
fast R2 or you're going to use the DVA
Nitro Elite 3 and then kind of in
between these two shoes when it comes to
like some faster workouts that maybe you
don't need to reach for the race day
shoe but you want something a little bit
faster than your daily training option
there is the DV8 Nitro 3 not to be
confused with the Nitro Elite 3 just the
Nitro non- Elite 3 it's got a little bit
of daily trainer DNA and a little bit of
race DNA in it and it's a really fun
shoe for logging in a lot of workouts
and where the mag Max fits in is on the
other side of the speed Spectrum when
you just want to get out there and log
some time on feet and just take care of
yourself a little bit more have a little
bit of extra cushion and the paces can
slip a little bit cuz it's that kind of
run that's where the ma Max fits in
really well and it's a nice comfy way to
round out this Puma
[Music]
lineup now let's wrap up this video by
talking about the buying guide and also
some Alternatives that I think you
should consider the Puma magmax is a
refreshing update on the max cushion
genre and it's one of the best examples
I've tested in a very long time this is
the first year of the shoe so there
isn't a prior Year's version that you
might be able to save some money at so
180 is what you're going to be looking
to spend in order to get in these shoes
and I always feel like 180 for a Max
cushion shoe kind of feels like a lot
but let's take a look at some of the
competition to see where that price
Stacks up the first shoe that I think
Stacks up really well against the Puma
mag Max is a shoe that I haven't
reviewed yet so hit the Subscribe button
if you want to see this review but it
comes from Brooks and it's the glycerin
Max and I think a lot of similarities
between these two shoes that make them
line up really well and are both going
to be the contenders for Max cushion
shoe of 2024 both of these shoes have a
Nitro foam in them and both of them are
exceptionally soft while also being
surprisingly Nimble and if you haven't
liked previous Brooks glycerins don't
worry I haven't been a fan of the
previous glycerins either but this
glycerin Max is excellent you are going
to pay a price for that Excellence
though cuz that shoe comes in at
$200 and then the other shoe that I want
to talk about comes in a little bit
underneath what the Puma magmax comes in
at and that's going to be from as6 this
is the Glide ride Max coming in at
$170 so $10 cheaper than the mag Max I
feel like this is also a really great
example of a Max cushion shoe although
it leans a little bit more on the firm
stable side than the mag Max or the
glycerin Max does I'm not saying it's
not a very soft shoe it's actually what
I really wish the Nimbus 26 would have
been if it weren't for the mag Max and
the glyer max the Glide ride Max would
have been probably my choice for a Max
cushion shoe of the year so it's
certainly a year of Max so if you're a
big fan of the max cushion genre 2024 is
definitely your year there is a bumper
crop of fantastic options if you have
any questions about the mag Max or any
of the shoes that I talked about today
feel free to put them in the comments
down below or better yet STP by the live
stream that I do Mondays and Thursdays
over on the kofuzi Run clip Channel love
to talk to you guys over there in the
chat that's all for today everybody
thanks so much for making all the way to
the end of this video hopefully you guys
are staying safe out there on your runs
and I'll see you in the next one yo
what's going on
[Music]

---

# What is Your Spark? Running Goals 2025

[Music]
we're doing it again dgr yes we are
doing it again amazing another year is
in the books and tough year difficult
year hard year challenging year however
you want to say it it was a hard year
for the deor clan all right and but we
made it through that's the key is that
we're all going to have hard years we're
all going to be challenged but you come
out the other side a different person a
stronger person um and a person that's
ready for the next challenge cuz you
know it's going to come because why
we're human beings all right so thanks
for sticking with me through thick and
thin and I realized listen hundreds
thousands H maybe tens of thousands of
Runners have you know said I'm not going
to watch Seth's YouTube channel why two
reasons really but it's okay
why he doesn't do a daily Vlog anymore
and he doesn't do shoe reviews anymore
and the reason I know this is because
you email me you comment below and
that's okay but but but but but but I
want to make the point I don't want you
to be a runner or to seek inspiration
for running because of me I want you to
seek your inspiration your motivation to
be Runner because of you because of
what's inside of you and I yes I just
ordered my own copy I've read the book
before in college but I I don't actually
own a copy of once a runner many of you
have read it it is the quintessential
novel for runners once a runner great
book and it really speaks to the uh
experience that we runners go through as
human beings on this Earth
that once you're a runner once you've
discovered the the lore of running the
Allure of running the uh just the the
the grit and the the uh yeah the grind
of being a runner and how much you want
it how much you seek it out every single
day to be a runner it's um it's
something that you just can't explain to
most humans on this Earth in fact many
people on this Earth will think you're
crazy if you're a runner and that you
run every single day but once it's in
you and it might take it might take a
year it's probably going to take five
years it's probably going to take a
decade and yes uh I started running in
1997 all right and many of you know the
story I was a soccer player growing up
but I was a small soccer player so I
couldn't kick my legs I could run all
day I could outrun anybody on the soccer
field but I couldn't kick the ball hard
enough to get to the goal and So
eventually I decided you know what we're
just going to leave the ball behind and
we're just going to run and run and
that's when I joined my cross country
team in in Middle School in seventh
grade in 1997 I tell that little
backstory to encourage you is your
Discerning your goals and yes I'm going
to pull up my goals here from 2024 and
2025 on my computer here as you're
Discerning and figuring out your goals
for the new year um it's important to
remember that it might take you time to
discover what should my annual mileage
be what should my annual uh racing goals
be what should my annual goals in the
gym be okay what vertical goals all of
that and I guess why not let's dive into
it right now from 2010 to
2017 I was starting a family I was
getting you know getting married
starting a family you know doing my own
work uh and but you know moving into the
old house and so I actually wasn't
running very much maybe 5 to 800 miles a
year no joke but here's the graph on
your screen when the Vlog started and
thank you if you've been watching for
eight years nine years on this YouTube
channel it's been a long time here's the
graph all right so slowly I've been
dialing in and again I just want to
encourage you if you're a newer Runner
especially it might take you two three 5
10 years to figure out what should my
annual mileage be what should my annual
vertical gain be what should my routine
be in the gym it just takes time
inconsistency so all right so keep going
keep going don't stop oh yeah question
of the day what were your running goals
for
2024 how' you do and what are your
running goals for
2025 sound good I cannot wait to read
your goals down below in the comments so
here are my goals from
2024 I had eight of them and I think I
hit four of them all right so core
crushed it Mobility not so much oh I got
to work on it in
20125 three
fktsgi
my brotherr we live in Colorado we've
got 58 mountains that go above 14,000 ft
of course that's going to be like the
that's the Pinnacle that's what we
that's what we love to do there's the
footage on your screen like it's amaz
like we crushed it I I can't even
explain to you how many
fktsgi
in uh 2000 like we nail we it was a
little ridiculous actually how many
mountains we ran but anyway there you go
we crushed uh gold number three for
2024 uh win One race good check mark we
actually won two races in
2024 PR my birthday mile nope
so the family and I had a tough year we
just had a tough year and what am I
always saying on this channel life is
part of running running is part of life
all right so they go together and
sometimes you get a curveball and it's a
curveball that you swing in a miss and
these circumstances that came up in 2024
for the family they were out of our
control and that actually makes true
love and I feel quite a bit better it's
like we didn't it was out of our control
is that's just I'm just going to leave
it at that so when I'm reflecting on my
PR my birthday mile also goal number
five uh sorry goal number six uh
4,31 miles um I came up short for both
of those and sometimes life I just say
gets in the way and that's what happened
for us in 2024 however today when I'm
recording this I did hit goal number
seven
341,000 vertical feet the most vertical
feet of my entire life as a 39-year-old
I feel really good about that and then
last goal goal number eight Road
Marathon PR I did not hit it nope didn't
hit didn't even attempt it didn't even
run a road marathon in in excuse me in
2024 that is okay so it was a good year
but it wasn't a great year all right and
I'm excited for the new year to put the
challenges in the rearview mirror move
ahead and I hope for you out there as I
read your comments down below if you
didn't hit your goals in
2024 bump it up bump it to the next year
bump it to 2025 and who knows maybe
you'll hit a goal in in the new year
that you didn't hit last year all right
that's okay uh they roll over and you're
going to see there they are on your
screen all of them together and yes the
least is first the least uh exciting is
first uh core strength Mobility I'm
putting them all together now why am I
putting them all together this year
versus last year I split them up core
strength Mobility because I actually
like going to the gym I go three times a
week I'll make a vlog about that very
soon why I'm doing that in the New Year
actually I've been doing it the last 6
months but I like the core I like the
strength work I don't like the mobility
work it's like I lo it so if I'm going
to go to go to the gym that's like a
treat for me I like going to the gym I
like I like working in the gym but do I
like doing the mobility I do not so if
I'm going to go do core and strength
I've also got to do so that's why I'm
lumping them together because I got to
keep myself accountable that way does
that make sense I hope it does there you
go that was goal number one goal number
two three again fkt we're just keeping
it real uh I won two races in last year
uh the goal is to win three races next
year I like to be competitive and yes I
will be turning 40 in the new year and
so I'll become a master's Runner but but
just all right quick Side Story here's
footage from Utah about seven months ago
and I was looking around the starting
line and I was like wait a minute I'm
racing 20y olds I'm I was actually
racing 19y olds these kids could be my
kids these kids could be my kids I think
I took sixth or seventh in the race so I
did okay it was very competitive but
anyway it's like not getting any younger
I'm going to become a master's runner in
2025 and I want to win through outright
I don't want to win my age group I want
to win it's just a competitive nature
inside me keep that spark going and I
hope you've got a spark for you maybe
it's not to win a race outright but
think about like what gets you going
what's the spark inside you that gets
you excited all right so keep keep it
maybe it's Health just Health lower your
cholesterol in 2000 whatever it is uh
that's the spark that and so that's my
spark for two thou for
2025 yes PR the birthday mile I'm not
giving up on it I am not giving up on PR
the birthday mile 4,400 miles in 2 I I
know I can get it because it's based on
history The Last 5 Years and what true
love and I went through in 2024 all
right so I know I can get that one goal
number five goal number six
350,000 vertical feet we're going to get
it in a half marathon PR and uh on that
half marathon PR um March or April all
right so I'm not going to announce yet
which race I haven't even registered I'm
still researching sea level half
marathon PR lifetime half marathon PR in
March or April 2025 that is the last
goal for running goal for the year
onward and upward thanks for listening I
hope you hit your goals and if you
didn't roll it over don't be afraid to
roll over your goals to the New Year all
right of course we'll toss it to last
year's goal Vlog from 365 days ago don't
give up don't give up don't ever give up
keep it rolling all right so right there
right there I love you all what a great
year all right what a good year and what
a great year we are about to have in the
New Year all right seek Beauty work hard
and love each other

---

# Denied

[Music]
get out the door turn that door now
let's go let's go little more vertical
to close out the year that's what we're
going after
today it's cold there could be a lot of
snow up there most likely fresh snow I
should say there's there is a lot of
snow but fresh snow so we'll see what we
find going to go scratch the sky one
more time in this year man what a year
it has been a vertical gain uh we'll do
a we'll do a vlog soon in the next you
know day two 3 4 days we'll talk about
2024 goals what happened and then uh
look to the Future so I hope your goals
are are are closing up I hope you did
well you know even if you didn't get
them all still it's the Pursuit even if
you didn't hit every goal it's the
pursuit of the goals is what is what
really matters you guys know that so
we're going
[Music]
up so I like lot yeah so they did the so
that's why we went to Mexico for so long
is so they could do
that so I lost another two weeks
in Mexico
really so I'm hoping for a much
better like
train first 6 months of
training in 2025
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
denied oh man had to call it you know
sometimes it's packed down from other
skiers and but uh you know I'm not a
skier like Joseph is he's going to go
crush it he's he's obviously he's going
to ski down he's probably going to beat
me back down to the bottom I'm just uh
post toling as we like to say and it's a
great you know the stair stepper in the
gym this is this is a this is a stair
stepper with like 50 lbs on your back
cuz you're sinking into the snow oh my
goodness so I'm going to call it we're
about halfway up I bet I got about 1,500
vertical feet so we'll take it going to
go to the bottom get some more running
in down there by the car and wait for
Joseph to get back down he is uh just so
you know look up Joseph Joseph deor
schemo and he's crushing it man took
down a pretty big name about two weeks
ago down in I think it was Wolf Creek he
uh took first place so he is he's he's
crushing it in the chemo
Department his old brother post and
[Music]
he
[Music]
just getting in one more Mountain
Adventure of
2024 as we turn the page on this year
and feels good it was fun Joseph got the
summit of course he did crashing it out
there I'll be back I'll be back to the
mountains this winter uh but it was oh
man hip Fletching you know we're always
we Runners we got to we always got to
pay attention to those hip flexors make
sure they're strong make sure they're uh
you know they're they're Nimble and they
were screaming at me on the way up the
post toing I oh my God it was that was a
hard and it was a full body workout cuz
there was quite a few moments where I
was just crawling through the snow so it
was fun nothing like uh do hard things
you know that was a hard thing right
there and uh but didn't quite get the
summit um we'll let Joseph take care of
those things all right that's it for
today onward and upward keep chasing
those keep chasing those crazy
Adventures out there and uh nothing like
putting a smile on your face with with
some snow and post holing so I uh I
don't know if you realize that we've got
a pretty solid Mountain running playlist
at this point if you are a mountain
Runner and now you just love vertical
and making yourself hurt up in the
mountains this playlist right there is
your cup of tea all right seek Beauty
work hard and love each other

---

# Marathon Runner Christmas Running Break. LIFTING Presents to Stay in SHape

Henry show the
[Music]
cameraing so good Henry Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year
[Music]
Jesus hey who's
[Music]
that happy birthday to you happy
birthday to
you Christmas oh yeah Micha
[Music]
Christmas Joy to the World the Lord
is
let Oh
Henry what is
this what is
this oh
oh nice no more
[Music]
bubbles
way did you get it did you get
it is that the one
[Music]
we're doing
it taking my annual running break right
now it's nice let the legs recover you
know how I do that but that doesn't mean
the workout stops you know what I mean
we got a heavy heavy load coming in
basically my favorite game as a kid love
this game so much all right let's bring
it
in on the box true love how many men let
there be like Let There be like on the
box how many men did it say this needed
to be to be moved six six men or two
parents of six let's oh or two parents
of six there that's how that works
okay okay
okay done
done got a point Henry
Victory favorite game favorite gra right
here right here Henry nailed
it okay this is
nice did you offer te go get your te see
she wants SAR I know you don't take and
[Music]
no you like the pool table good tidings
we bring to you and your king We wish
you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year hit you in the We wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
we wish you Merry Christmas and Happy
New Year
[Music]
good Dad we breing to you and your king
we wish you merry
[Music]
christmasing bring usig pudding and a
cup of good Che we won't go until we get
some we won't go until we get some we
won't go until we get someing get right
[Music]
here well I didn't know but I thought of
you when I saw
[Music]
those okay okay and Sarah cheers Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas
2024
America we're going to save
America this is year we do it
all
yum good

---

# The Great Running Shoe Review Drought: DeMoor's Disappearance Explained

[Music]
[Music]
welcome back to the shed new shudio no
no no not the new question of the
day I've always wanted to do that roll
into the shot all right we're in the
shed yep uh doing some organization
inside the shudio so obviously question
of the day what are you gifting for
Christmas 2025 to Runners that you know
what are you going to give them all
right that's the question of the day so
obviously brands are still very
interested in sending me running gear
thank you by the way uh but I want to
clarify obvious like it was a year ago I
can't believe it one year ago deor
store.com launched and that is consuming
all of my time and I wish if it really
does it breaks my heart that I cannot be
your shoe guy any longer it's the time
has passed and maybe I'll pass it on to
my sons I don't know running shoe
reviews that is it's over like I don't
have the time to create high quality I
could create bad running shoe reviews
but high quality running shoe reviews
like I used to do Coes oh my mind and
that's okay all right I I've accepted it
but I know a lot of you out there have
not accepted it and I'm sorry I just I'm
one person there's only 24 hours in a
day I cannot do the hike and I'm all
about high quality on YouTube and so uh
but I will say as far as gear and I know
there's shoes here there's a lot of I
don't know what's all in these boxes
we'll open them in a second but as far
as gear brands out there companies we've
got our own brand all right we've got
our own gear we've got our own store and
that's again consuming most of my time
but if you send me gear I will open it I
will use it I a very high likelihood I
will use it in videos will I do a full
review video I will not I will not again
why time that's the only reason all
right I just want to be thankful
grateful gratitude in the the boxes
showing up at my house um but I I cannot
give you full review videos because I'm
one person all right but send it to me
like for example in
2024 probably six different companies
for sunglasses have sent me sunglasses I
think they know maybe my eye issue that
I'm still dealing with they I don't know
if they saw that video but I got a lot
of sunglasses sent to me this year from
Rudy Project Smith Oakley and if you
watched all the fkt videos up in the
mountains this summer
I wore all the sunglasses it was awesome
and I appreciated it but so your if you
send me gear I will open it I will show
the camera and I will use it in videos
but I'm not going to do a single video
about the gear capiche all right let's
open up what is going on here and I have
again I just don't know what is in these
video in these um I should say in these
uh bags and boxes okay o some running
gear okay from artil for those alive in
the world it looks like a hat it looks
like I'm interested in this this looks
like a shirt has anybody heard of oo
that feels quite nice artil systems ooh
that feels very nice very lightweight
t-shirt all right and I will do my best
scroll down scroll down everybody to the
description below to link to all of
these companies I'll do my best there's
no guarant again I'm not getting paid
that's the other thing okay that's the
other thing this is free marketing for
ECT which I just opened it's free market
they're not paying me to do this and so
if I remember to link I will but at the
end of the day I don't have to link but
I will art select uh because I
appreciate oh that's nice a nice beanie
that's actually really nice I must say
this feels like high quality product
right here this is more than Marino this
is five times faster drying okay oh this
is okay artil I don't know you
[Music]
what did I just say all right pause the
video Hold on let me open
this three pairs of sunglasses in this
box and I'm grateful okay I'm very
grateful do I need all these sunglasses
no but I'm grateful and I'll show so
this is blenders everyone knows blenders
at this point Thank You blenders for
sending the sunglasses they're looking
[Music]
schnazzy this is true lightweight long
sleeve true spelled t r e w yes feels
amazing all right let me hold it up
there true all right five times better
by
[Music]
Design this is from Echo I think high
five say Hey you love these specs from
Adidas sport eyewear Jacob and Team Echo
wow oh my goodness oh my goodness it's
too much I can't handle it every I
cannot handle it it's so much gear one
thing that Deora store does not have yet
is sunglasses so maybe so maybe uh maybe
there this is a sign that we need oh wow
interesting I didn't actually I don't
know if I've ever seen anybody wear
Adidas sunglasses have you these are
Adidas nice very nice thank you Adidas I
do appreciate wow I like that nose the
nose right here that feels very secure
we're going to Pivot it's too many boxes
we got to move we're going to move over
here it was a good run come on you got
you got to admit we had a good run and
business owners companies
Brands thank you five six years really
five to six years of not non-stop
running gear reviews and not you know
don't get me started on running shoe
reviews but just like Gear reviews with
headlamps running vests half tights
t-shirts long sleeves pants socks oh my
goodness it's it's amazing so I get it
like if you're a business owner out
there in the running space specifically
I understand what you're going through
keep fighting don't give up on your
dreams and I'm grateful for you sending
me all this gear for the last 5 to 6
years and I just want to I just want to
express my thanks for trusting me to but
to do the the gear
reviews back in the day I'm done all
right and I so hopefully you see this
video and you realize okay maybe I won't
send running gear to Seth in 2025 but if
you do keep sending it to me I'll give
you a shout out every now and then all
right like bare butt wipes in case you
you know need to take care of business
out in the woods yes indeed or always
Hoka sending me gear always appreciate
look like there's some loafers here with
some epic tread on the bottom all right
or go sleeves some recovery sleeves for
the calves right there oh it goes on and
on and on so keep fighting I'm cheering
you on as a a a fellow business owner
it's not easy but that's what it takes
you got to send the gear out and you got
to um you got to just see what the
people think okay so I will wear this
gear I will use this gear I'm really
excited some of this uh t-shirt action
and long sleeve action but I'm not going
to commit to full reviews for the gear
it's just been a good run there's a pun
intended there's Seasons to life so many
seasons to life and the season of life
with respect to so many Gear reviews and
that's what I'll toss it to of course
right now is like
outerwear um outerwear oh my goodness
you know what I'll probably do a winter
run rning gear I put a lot of work into
those winter remember those those Vlogs
from a couple years ago winter running
gear recommendations like really nailing
what you're wearing out there in the
freezing freezing temperature so I'll
probably toss it to that right here keep
fighting enjoy the winter enjoy your
Christmas season and hopefully you get
some good ideas for Christmas gifts for
runners Down Below in the comments all
right butter that bread everybody toss
it to uh winter running gear right there
all right see beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# Chasing the Runner Sun: A Christmas Tree-Cutting Workout Adventure

on
[Music]
it
[Music]
all right onward and upward to the
mountains we go to the mountains we
go yeah we're going to the woods oh
isn't that fun now it's a little bit of
a drive but that that's okay we're going
to have an activity you got an activity
that's good so it's we're going further
than we usually go okay yeah so that's
going to be fun yeah going past are we
going past where we live m where we
lived where you lived whoa we're not
going that far that's very far okay got
you everyone
buckled you
can't yes let's actually bring let's
bring the big
one okay
good job
boys
crushed that's a
workout
help that okay watch your finger looks
good y right what do you think Joseph
that looks great
[Music]
no
my okay let me take this
off right a star so like so we're going
to
do think we're going to do like
eight we'll do like eight
being
done you're the wrong
way good
job and I think that's good Jo the last
one I don't know how full it's pretty
full actually I don't know if you need
anymore I'm going to get mine really
high
after
[Music]
[Applause]
h
[Music]

---

# Runners Giving Grace to Yourself as You Discover this

[Music]
I don't know what's going on
helloa
helloo
hello hello H okay if you get if you
stay out back here it'll you'll be able
to see it better stay okay get on your
knees kneel down huh kneel down kneel
down so you can see your
face is that sausage coming out I got it
I got
it mhm okay putting on some arm warmers
okay two you want to yes okay they're
coming they're
coming should I pull it back can
see you go who is that little
lady no yeah remember it's it's a tool
so it's not I know we could probably put
some pads on the bottom of that right I
was surprised okay that's awesome it
actually does work but that feels
amazing it's obviously very competitive
yeah but part of me was thinking
um one we just get it for him when
baseball season starts sure but just
here's the thing dicks it's normally
like a $200
bath oh they pink pink oh I love your
new shoes
[Music]
shoes EPIC
Fort okay love you hun I love
you oh I start I didn't give you a kiss
Oh No I gave you a kiss earlier I just
got to see how cold it is outside so who
knows I might be back in who knows H
turn that door knob come
on yeah
H I think I'll be okay once I get going
I love you hun I love you okay quite
crisp
that's where we're
going Adventure
day monk
day all right let's figure this
out
woohoo I got to think for 2 minutes give
me 2 minutes I'll check back in on the
distance I'm going to make some guesses
see if we're see if we're accurate
[Music]
we're going 29
miles 2800 vertical feet that's the
guest for today oh Nelly let's just say
not ready for this not the fitness level
is quite low right now it's almost
Christmas we're just enjoying pumpkin
pie but that's okay we got an
[Music]
adventure 5 and 1/2 miles in woo get a
little get a little AA one second here M
okay hey Loops patience give yourself a
little Grace 3 years we've been in the
new house I'm believe I you know 3 years
that's seems like seems like yesterday
well really the only concern about
moving from the little Peno house to the
bigger house for the family was that I
lost access no at the old house we had
lived there true love and I for 9 years
9 years at the old house and I had the
loops dialed in as a runner so I was a
little concerned moving to the new house
because it's like all right I got to go
discover a whole new neighborhood a
whole new Bear Creek State Park where
I'm at right now and figure out what is
the exact mileage kilometers miles
however you want to track it for all of
these Loops all right and then about a
week ago right around Thanksgiving it
dawned on me wait a minute what if I
connected that loop with that Loop with
that Loop how and that's what I made the
guess a minute ago how big is this Loop
going to be let's go on an adventure and
find out and so that's what we're doing
today but I just want to little tip of
the day give yourself a year two years I
I always say two years to figure out how
big or sorry how how are my Loops going
to develop from my front door all right
so you will know here's my 5 m Loop
here's my 10m Loop here's my 23 Mile
Loop and today I'm guessing guessing
about 29 mies I really don't know that's
my guess so we'll see I'll tell you at
the end and remember the 20m fkt I did
about 6 weeks ago just about a mile back
as I was reflecting on what I was going
to share with you right now I was like
wait a minute oh my my depending on what
today's Loop is I could connect the 20m
fkt that I snagged the mini Falcon Punch
to this Loop that I'm on today and then
are we looking at a are we looking at a
50 m loop from my front door on this is
where it gets exciting everybody on I'm
going to say today is going to be about
70% on dirt and we live in the city and
so if you can you know for me I love
running on dirt I love the trails I love
the vert if you can find those Loops
that have some dirt even better all
right
[Music]
Ice Ice Baby
[Music]
woo I wonder how many mountain lions
cross through
here this feels like mountain lion
territory right through
here keep your eyes up
everybody haven't said that in a while
eyes up pum
boms quick
feet you can't really see it but there's
the mile high city way out there Denver
Colorado this is definitely the best
view of Denver
in the city up here on Green Mountain
all right time for a little little snack
[Music]
[Music]
let's see your uh hoodie
Joseph yeah guys enjoying a snack y nice
there it is come
on good job what do you see more more
more okay okay did he finish it no h fin
it me Michael we his dogs
oh all right you guys enjoying your
snack oh yeah all right beautiful day
for a snack on the
patio you want to see it Henry
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
crazy you little monkeys they're hungry
after school
I love
you
called sweet home or to to practice home
home a little heavy whipping cream
little honey little Irish Breakfast
Don't Mind If I Do shout out to uh
Duncan over on the Emerald Isle miss you
Duncan hope you're doing well over there
all right you see my gut reaction I was
a little off on the mileage I have a
feeling I was quite off on the vertical
gain all right let me pull up straa here
so uh question of the day what um when
was the last time you connected a couple
of your Loops to make a bigger Loop and
what was that experience like today was
three of my Loops into one all right and
what did I say this morning 29 miles
2800 vertical feet I believe all right
so it ended up at not bad not bad 30 all
right EX exactly
30.5 mil 30.5 so I was a mile and a half
off so basically a 50k you know not too
shabby and what did I say 2,800 vertical
feet oh my my that's pretty good
3150 3143 so
3,143 vertical feet for the uh for the
30m loop that was awesome and again oh I
just I bring up today's Vlog and the
topic because you wherever you live in
the world whether it's Singapore or
Ecuador or Chile or uh Northern Canada
wherever you're at you're at it's going
to take time to discover your loops and
today I found my 50k Loop like there it
is and a lot of vert you know a decent
amount of vertical gain but it's just
fun to build upon what you've are upon
the foundation of okay that was a that
was my 13 Mile Loop my uh uh let's see
23 Mile Loop and then also a 26 M
basically I combined three Loops
together is what happened today and it
turned out to be right at 50k
30.5 miles very cool all right love you
all cheers have a great day and onward
and upward all right we'll toss it to uh
I don't know I guess another long run
somewhere somewhere in the archive right
there right there seek Beauty work hard
and love each other

---

# Happy Thanksgiving DGR!

and we're back everyone oh yeah goggle
time the snow is flying that time of
year oh goodness you remember these from
last winter protect the old eyeball all
right let's rock and roll this is this
this is this is a good piece of gear I
picked up Adena fit speed
goggles we'll get some uh hopefully
I don't know life's too busy but uh
hopefully we'll open some boxes by the
end of this video we'll see if you just
want to fast forward to that I
understand we're just going out for a
little little romp around the
neighborhood little
10mile then into the
gym heavy snow good for the mountains
good for skiing good for
snowboarding uphill skiers you're
getting excited I'm know you
are there's a falling tree oh that's
that's too bad right there
[Music]
hey
[Music]
Michael are you ready yeah
[Music]
in good job and
then okay now we need to get some fry
[Music]
okay I'll finish
[Music]
this good
job good job oh I got little more this
[Music]
stay back it's hot
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hot Thanksgiving
dgr deor pies.com it's it's
coming
nice good job don't forget baby on the
way home everybody help find kids baby
before we leave so she doesn't have to
go to bed Happy Thanksgiving Happy
Thanksgiving seven pie man H deor
pies.com oh yes shall we yes I think I
think it's time watch the next business
venture I got to just tell you more it's
you're going to melt you're going to
melt shout out to the boys and the girls
for help bake the pies good job boys
good job everyone good job Henry all
right hey it's like our house smells
like a bakery right I love that for us
over the hills and through the woods
too yes you got the pies too
Kate that's with cream if you have room
in the fridge um if not I can go get
snow together hi Jack oh my God thanks
for hting oh my goodness look so good in
here up
Troy yes oh yes blowtorch
time no you're
good good to see
you hi
[Music]
Henry ready
[Music]
eat oo
are they cool you want to go in do they
lay eggs not yet have you named them
[Music]
here this is embarrassing I need extra
plates darling I need that you excited
for
potatoes yes you are yes you
[Music]
are
marshmallow you like it
Henry yum
[Music]
who aot of
salad that's exactly it oh rushing
it what about these
crumbles so in Theory those are supposed
to go like but I think it's got enough
pistachios like they kind of put it on
top yeah but I don't even think you have
to Henry you want to say
[Music]
hi say thank
you going to spread it
[Applause]
on there you
go you like Green pies on Thanksgiving
side eye she's like where am I why am I
up

---

# Racing the Youngsters for a 2024 Wrap-up Half Marathon Race with the Family!

[Music]
cheers everybody I decided to hop in a
half marathon this morning uh actually a
couple days ago and it's a Trail Half
Marathon the goal for today's yes it's a
race I'm going to just jump in and see
what happens Fitness you know Pikes Peak
Peak Fitness for Pikes Peak and we're
just hanging on for dear life it
actually snowed this past week up in the
mountain so you know winter is coming
but we're going to squeeze in one more
race and the boys are coming so that's
the goal for today hang out with the
boys show them show them more of the
racing circuit ropes if you know what I
mean uh get them a little little
integrated more so into the racing scene
so half marathon Trail race so good
warmed up ready to rock and roll got the
bow bow going got the coffee flowing it
is time to go it's going to be chilly
all right very chilly that's we are
layering up today hopefully uh yeah
hopefully the hopefully the Sun comes
out at some point okay
whe shall we go race let's go race let's
go race 2024 it's so crazy closing out
2024 oh what a great year what a great
year but it's it's time to shut her
down after today oh you got your coffee
and I got the camera boys all right oh
perfect so you guys can film yeah hi
we're almost there sun is out boys are
here and uh drink the right amount of
coffee this
morning two fingers it's all you get
else you get
heartburn okay there's the start a bag
of goodies go early go
often actually I don't you guys
don't lot people you know Bridget is
gonna she's gonna I think drive to mile
8 and so if you wanted to hop in you
could yeah or if you want to stay here
you can and and then she'll drive back
to the Finish
there's my
love good
job you great day let's go you want to
get snap a
photo come on light up my
[Music]
[Applause]
sah 3 2 one good luck
go
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
C
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Music]
d
[Music]
[Applause]
go go go go
go power up wo
[Music]
that was good good job
hi thanks for filming high five we did
bab how do you feel I feel
good
F you hit me
I do you know his name pleas I
don't a yeah yeah baby go
[Applause]
Austin nice job thank for organizing oh
my pleasure I think Grace director right
thank you great only
yeah flying flying that was F that was
hard I'm like okay third press is here
third place third place good job one
boom
[Music]
broken fast
1239 s
more
[Applause]
come get there guys I got a lot of Stu
okay
we're good thank you you're welcome it's
nice and cold that's appreciate it
you're welcome Cheers
[Music]
Cheers Cheers D
cheers butter my
bread legs gravity but your lpac system
will pump it up here and then it comes
across the lower part of your body and
then up the left side of your body and
then into your organs and that's how
your body gets rid of all that stuff the
human body's amazing it cleanses yes you
me to get no you're
just did you grab a card I did yeah I
one free something perfect yeah we'll
give you a couple that way you guys can
both of you
guys love you for that okay that's cool
you I didn't hear did you do do you do a
coal plunge we don't we have a cryo
chamber oh you do cryo oh jeez so if you
get off at uh C470 and get off at Lucent
South okay to Highlands Ranch Parkway
it's only like a mile and half and then
take a left and and then we're right
there on the right okay it's like a
little shopping center right in there is
that sort of by the Children's Hospital
yeah going right past
that how was I how was
I how was I how was I we said the DJ is
doing good cuz it's 90s Our Generation
music at '90s they nailed it this is a
fun race if you're local you should it's
fine it's simple it's sweet it starts at
a reasonable hour it's real good
whoops here's a runner here's a r Mama
it was Lou Lou and will thank you guys
yeah let's go let's go meet you guys
we'll see you at the will we see you at
the ascent maybe next year all right
great job great job great job in running
there's this thing called the aerobic
engine and the aerobic engine is your
cardiovascular
system that takes time to develop and
the more that you run over years and
years and years the better it gets so
Pap is almost 40 yeah and second place
probably was 19 W maybe 18 I he was
young wow he was very his parents were
there yeah he was very young wow which
means his cardiovascular system is still
developing okay and uh so he went out
with me the first mile mile and a half
which is great but eventually my aerobic
engine took over because it's been
developed for decades now and that's
where the perseverance and hard work go
hand
inand um to develop and then boom you
fly the W and you're literally twice as
old you're literally twice as old as the
second second place wow so yes Michael
so like you were like that was happening
when you were flying past us when we
were giving the high five that's right
that's exactly right4 that oh let's go
let's go let's go I had a Hope Oh I
cannot wait Michael that's it you were
you were fly he was flying Michael I get
you a high five
nice now I think I got Mama
yep I think Joseph was
filming that was so fun this is how you
celebrate
a with the family right with the
family thank you you say thank
you thank you that's awesome oh good
Mama you want to try this with the
[Music]
strawberry oh now
2024 it's been a
slice that's what my grandpa used to say
a it's been a slice gry Leonard or
Leonard oh

---

# Mini Falcon FKT PUNCH with Wild Broncos to Boot

the
pain the
suffering is going to hurt it snowed it
snowed everybody isn't that exciting uh
the mountains got snow so I would say
the 14ers
13ers any mountain basically above
12,000 is probably done for running fast
in color I don't know about other places
but in Colorado for
fktsgi I understand why you want to
happen why you think
[Music]
[Music]
d
Mount Morrison we'll take it we're about
3 and 1/2 miles
Ino time for downhill let's go
w
[Music]
who's having
fun right here right here having
fun this is wild I don't know where I'm
going exactly but we're going wait a
minute there it is
f
[Music]
minut
[Music]
[Music]
we've lived in this new house for just
over three years
now and I may have just found my
favorite trails in this entire area and
it just goes to show for everyone
watching you know the drill open thy
eyes in your backyard you're going to
find trails that you had no idea were
there or were that good I knew there
were Trails back there I just didn't
realize how beautiful epic uh well to
you know you could run fast on them and
just miles and miles and miles of Trail
so mini falcon punch in the in the books
um no rest for the weary today we uh not
going to go get Andes going to do a
little pivot everybody little pivot go
Bonos
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
oh grab
it another one
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
W for the Broncos
[Music]
nice point to the Super Bowl
championships over here right here point
to the Super Bowl let's
go yeah three of them Super Bo
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]

---

# Princeton Univ. to Mount Princeton to Andy's Frozen Custard

[Music]
I like it
spicy not just food but also in the
mountains
Julio Me and Julio Down by the school
yard
w
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
44° at it again come on
woo we're not done yet dgr you're not
done yet either whatever you're chasing
keep
chasing all
right B
44 it's probably about probably about 28
on top of that mountain all right this
is this is the mountain this is what I
stared at every morning for 15 years
growing up in BV puny Bey buav Vista
whatever you want to call it this was
the mountain Mount
Princeton if you went to Princeton
University uh I think this mountain is
named for your your University all right
here we go straight on
up 6.6 miles to the top about 5,000 ft
of vertical
gain and uh we're going for
approximately 90 minutes at 15% grade
all right that's the average grade for
the overall effort and we're going for
around the 90 minute
Mark is all right woo it's at 14
14ish minutes a mile
[Music]
[Applause]
h
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
BV
BV 12,800 ft 12,800
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
tell me
no loafing on top today we're going for
the round trip baby let's go oh man 6.6
M was actually 6.7 to the top okay got
to
go footwork footwork footwork footwork
[Music]
come on come on come on come on
Sho look got
this okay come on come on
next year and
ter next year
we've got a
Pacer going up behind
thank
you fkt
fkt
fkt FK
fkt
fkt
FK fkt should we go get some should we
get some
andies andies should we get some andies
Henry yeah Henry's excited all right you
know you know you know what time it is
dgr come on now let's roll out
[Music]
you guys can also do a
cooking okay pumpkin pie one pumpkin
[Music]
pie let's get a cheers hey
hey fkt
fkt fkt
FK
FK fkt yeah
cheers
success we even got leftovers hello
that's a win that's a w that's an fkt
day

---

# Psychology of Running: Mental Brick Walls | Stop the Excuse Mindset

just one more time for those who don't
remember the Val
[Music]
Jan
[Music]
[Music]
shall we go run a
mountain I think we
shall little fuel before the adventure
uhhuh although we are out of maple syrup
sad moment what are you going to do
little more vertical little more all
right it sounds like the weather might
be changing next week so we got to seize
the day huh make hay when the sun shines
as we used to St in Boulder make hey
when the sun shines all right onward and
upward have a great day butter your
bread I know I already I buttered my
waffles so we should be fueled up ready
to rock and roll uh ascending
ascending I love ascending but we're
ascending to
be Colorado let's
[Music]
go it's baly here a nice day and no
crowds I see 1 2 3 4 5 six se you never
see seven cars at the parking lot
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Music]
love was holding all
the and always me in the
dark I never thought I could shake this
heart until I saw your light and it's
got me feeling like life is good life is
good
[Music]
yeah life is good life is good
yeah yeah in my darkest time you got me
feeling like I've been walking on
[Music]
air left all my worries in
you got
me
you're my mind
I
my you got me feeling light
[Music]
a
[Music]
puny Bey puny Beauty
[Music]
the no excuse mindset it's a beautiful
thing especially on a HomeTown Mountain
uh we're in BB and that was Mount Yale
via Denny Creek unbelievable so 107 I
ran 15 months ago July
2023 and I didn't even have a c a camera
I took the summer off no filming so
today
10450 and tip of the cap to cam cam a
amazing Runner and I'll talk more about
cam in a second but the no excuse
mindset my legs the first half mile
didn't feel awesome I'll be frank and by
the way we're in we're on the uh we are
on the Main Street here of buav Vista
beautiful BV uh so the legs didn't feel
great the first half mile and tomorrow
I'm doing another mountain in about 18
hours and I almost threw the towel in
today because I was like uh this time is
so tough from cam I don't know if I'm
going to get it
today
on but here's my strategy here's and
this is a question of the day here in a
second as well but this is what I do I I
I I build a wall in my mind in my brain
like literally IM literally imagine
building a brick
concrete difficult rebar enforced wall
in my mind where I had the thought oh
man maybe I need to throw the towel in
on today's fkt attempt on Mount Yale
instead I built the wall and said okay
no more that that excuse in my mind is
not going to cross this wall ever again
on this run now I'm human so it'll
probably pop up again at some point
maybe tomorrow but instead from the half
mile Point onward and here's the footage
on your screen from that point onward I
was golden and I started rocking and
rolling because I built this wall in my
mind saying enough is enough we're going
for it today we drove up here from
Denver let's let her let's let it rip
and that's what we got done and so a tip
of the cap to cam so that's anyway
that's the no excuse my and sadly I know
Runners not a lot of Runners but a
couple I know Runners whether in high
school college or even today that just
make excuses all the time and I'm like
no you got to stop that you're you're
you're cutting yourself short when you
make too many when you make any excuses
but when you make excuses all the time
so cam shout out to cam that's who I
snagged it from today I'm sure cam will
go back and get the fkt again maybe next
year but uh Cam and I we have been going
back and forth back and forth in races
and
fktsgi talented they're fast and they're
they sometimes I beat that like cam beat
me at the Kendall Mountain run this past
summer I beat him at Pike's Peak it's
like we just go back and forth back and
forth but at the end of the day it's
that's important you know being fast
that's what we do here on YouTube and as
Runners we want to PR we want to get
course records we want to get ftts at
the end of the day we want to push
ourselves but more importantly at every
single Finish Line that I've raced
against k him positive mindset no
excuses I've never heard an excuse at it
so I just want to give him a shout out
and some other Runners as well that I
just you know when you have a competitor
and you're like you're competing back
and forth back and forth I know you guys
have them out there and that's the
question of the day uh what is your
mental mindset when you are hitting
adversity in your ftts in your races and
for me it's just a nice refreshing
reminder from cam to keep going and
don't make excuses so onward and upward
let's go let's let it rip uh time to
recover from that effort see if we can
come back tomorrow and get another get
another Mountain under our belt going to
go uh ice the legs in the river and oh
it is so cold used to jump In this River
uh like it was nothing when I was a
teenager those days are long gone uh and
then squeeze the legs with a compression
sleeves get some good uh get some good
food
in the body all right a little snack
maybe a little maybe a little uh little
uh fkt treat if you know what I mean so
butter to bread we'll toss it to the uh
fkt playlist right there fkt playlist
right there and uh I look forward to
reading your strategies your mental
strategies down below CU if you struggle
go down to the comments if you just
struggle a little bit with it and again
for me I literally got to build that
brick wall butter butter butter let's go
let's go seek Beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# If at 1st YOU Don't Succeed...

if at
first you don't
succeed
try
try and try again let's get off this
mountain 3 months ago got a little zesty
out there and I'm telling you if you
don't just little little tip of the day
if you don't know the mountains you're
going into be careful all right that
weather was wild it was I would say I
got to try to rack the bread there's a
lot of
fktsgi
thought I was on top of the
mountain but I wasn't what once I got
back to cell service I pulled up straa
and sure enough it was so cloudy and
foggy and windy and I could not see the
the true PE
which I think I missed by about 300 or
400 m that's how like that's how dense
it was up there I just could not see the
top of the mountain so we're back we're
not giving up we're going to try again
south of rapo peak here in the beautiful
Indian Peaks Wilderness Area and oh the
leaves are a changing it's beautiful out
but oh yeah tip of the day like just be
aware right you got to know the weather
patterns it's always a it's a little
though it's a little windy today but
it's always a little windy in this area
uh if you're not familiar with the
trails just got to like make sure lean
in the direction of packing a little
extra clothing which thankfully I did
that day not much but a little bit of
extra clothing uh just so you don't get
caught in a situation like that where
you're not prepared for the wing cuz you
know it can be cold out but if there's
no wind you can you can get through a
lot more but once that wind kicks in I
mean I don't know how I want to was
probably 40 50 mph winds is what it felt
like to me oh my my hey hey hey let's
get these shoes on enjoy a little nature
out here in the Rocky mountains of
Colorado and oh yeah question another
day when was the last time you
underpacked on a run as far as outer
wear and clothing and uh what did you
learn from that process like from that
situation cuz we that's what we do here
on YouTube we help each other we Inspire
each other
and we we give ideas so that we don't
make mistakes it wasn't a huge mistake
but listen it was borderline like okay
it's getting a little it's getting a
little chilly out here let's get off
this mountain three months ago and that
was June so now it's September let's
rock and roll um man onward and upward
seeking I'm up here to get an fkt don't
get me wrong but I'm really up here see
beauty
[Music]
n
[Music]
now
[Music]
[Music]
good job
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
it's
oh
[Music]
all
[Applause]
oh thine eyes have seen the sun today
what a difference three months can make
oh my my
wow wow wow there's the uh there's the
stats on the
screen Mountain running season is not
over yet you better believe it come on
now listen I I like a good snowstorm
don't get me wrong I actually love snow
uh I love it's I love playing in it with
my kids I love I used to love
snowboarding in it don't do that anymore
but in the meantime we've got like it's
usually Halloween actually if you live
in Colorado you know usually Halloween
we get that first significant snowstorm
so we're in October now it's a it's time
is a ticking to uh seek a little beauty
up into High Country get a little heart
rate going uh say hello to some folks
along the way thanks for uh encouraging
me up the mountain you know who you are
who I saw out there that was fun to uh I
can't talk much especially on certain
ftts I think some people like want to
engage in conversation up there but I
just got I got to keep trucking I hope
you understand but thank you for all the
encouragement onward and upward you guys
know where we're going next oh my
goodness what a day what a day in the
Aspen leaves okay I'll
do I'll do all cookie dough if that's
all you have if you have six of them you
want to pull up all right
[Music]
KT today let's
go hello so guys we're going to share
okay what are they we got chocolate
vanilla peanut butter and uh another
chocolate
[Music]
a

---

# Pike Peak Ascent Race 2024: the Best DeMoor Family Edition

[Music]
and we're off onward upward another Peak
let's go get it come on come on come
on man I love this race I love this
weekend I love the weather although it's
going to snow oh oh goodness to
everybody running the the marathon on
Sunday oh my m oh my bundle
[Music]
upo I feel better when
you hi
there doing well uh Ascent is this right
ID sure
yep awesome okay perfect
and some food at the top yes and there's
a drop bag yes so that drop bag going to
the drop is going to be over
101 let's go get it pinned on and get
off our feet
[Music]
to become the greatest City
on slaves arrived from Angola they were
quickly put to work building the fort
and clearing land for white f
[Music]
let's go let's go there's the flatlay oh
my my man always a hard afternoon
whenever you leave the family uh you
know that you're thinking you're just
thinking about the race you're trying to
process uh but a good stack of books
always helps tip of the day uh bring a
stack of books to pass the time but it
once I stood up after reading all
afternoon and started laying out the
gear and we got it nothing forgotten
nothing uh nothing extra nothing
forgotten it's all here that's a good
sign but uh we're we're finally in the
home stretch you know it's like the legs
feel good all you want to do is sleep
and wake up you know and so that's what
we're about to do it's only 6:45 but I'm
frankly going to get ready for bed uh
here pretty soon the art of sleeping
before her race got the sound machine
face mask ear plugs uh what is this
little sleep spray um from Dr teals and
we will see you all on the top in the
morning I think that's it all right
nothing you know you guys know my gear
by now you've seen it enough there it is
and let's let it rip all right we'll see
you oh it's just so exciting so um the
waiting is the hardest part isn't there
a song about that all
right 10 hours later 11 hours later
[Applause]
this game is good
nice yeah exactly
let him take up his
[Music]
oh
he
is hey s
okay great to meet you great to meet you
could be a little Breezy with the yeah
weather changing yeah I know I'm I don't
know when it's supposed to roll in
exactly
but okay like um Mackenzie Joseph and S
okay
coats from just just my cuz I like it
[Music]
cold hi
guys good to see you good morning
where's Mama she's okay perfect Michael
I love your boots good to see you0 one
one Z1 actually I'm going to give you
guys this good to see you guys you won't
need that thing oh no it's plenty warm
is it okay it's going to be nice guys
thanks for waking up so early you guys
go hold that
okay CIA CIA Mom see you up there
oh I
know crush it
dude is a
[Music]
TR I know your dad's running but I'm
going to ask you to move a little
[Applause]
bit go let
go
[Applause]
go
[Applause]
[Music]
go wo
[Applause]
[Music]
come go go go go go go
[Music]
guys good
[Music]
good hey nice work keep it going keep it
going
my cor I was like no I didn't mean to do
that and I was running
[Music]
[Applause]
back water water water water water water
sorry sorry I got to go fast
work
set
[Applause]
water I
water awesome
go man up
[Music]
f
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
she
[Applause]
me
W yeah go get it br
let's go get
it good good
[Music]
jobd going brother keep going
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
know Qui
get get get it you got
[Music]
it for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
go let's do
[Music]
[Music]
out
and youve got your number two coming up
the hill right here let's give it up for
him here he
[Applause]
is give it up for him here he
is good his face no doubt a job well
done
is so
good
good over for the
2024 come on come on come on come
on there you go there you go grab
him hold
[Music]
hold and he is
absolutely did you want this
you want this I don't know
uh
water he's
okay so this is it and our number three
is absolutely spent guys don't go in
front of the camera okay guys you come
here good job we got heric out there
taking care out
Team all right yeah good J Man try
to yeah okay good job
man if
Qui first of all you're at 14,000 ft I'm
thank you Michael I appreciate that you
guys got a fun snack oh my gosh Papa
treated that's uh let's just keep an eye
out for Joseph Barton I take it back
It Go
[Music]
joore right there way to go Joe welcome
to the finish
line
so
moving there it is
yeah
nice it was not cold at all did
know that
really come
[Music]
here I've never finished Pike's Peak
with so much uh so close as you I don't
know if you know but the third place guy
he was we were neck and neck The Last
Mile so it was pretty fun to actually
race at the end yeah you know how how
kind of important was that for you to
really push yourself out there you know
especially on some of those tougher
stretches where know it's like hey need
a little bit of energy but you know
there's somebody right next to you
pushing you kind of thing it's it's
amazing it was hard the last half mile
but I was I was moving fast but it was
quite painful I'm not trying to trying
to catch him yeah no no I I bet and I'm
guessing you felt that all throughout
your body was it just your legs calves
was it all everything but mostly I would
say prob app PLS and CS yeah oh no and
you know kind of talk about the family
portion race this thing with your
brother did he finish top 10 he was
fifth I think I can't confirm that but I
believe he was fifth yeah so so so
brother finished fifth um I was chatting
with your dad a little bit before this
you know he said he racist before Family
Affair aspect I mean your kids are up
here shout out to uh pun
Vista Vista just over the hill
and uh yeah it's Family Affair got my
three oldest got big family six kids so
the youngest are back
home Che and the big boys are here
filing I mean how is it to I mean you
know I doubt a lot of people have couple
of people up here supporting you got
like the whole tribe I'm I'm no Sprint
chicken same with Joe gray you know I'm
39 I think 40 so uh one two you know old
guys are
here oh no and you know finish this your
dad finished this race your brother
completed you completed it having all
that history what does it mean for you
guys oh man it's everything like I could
go around the world race there's so many
great races all around the world but at
the end of the day it's like there's
nothing like fight it's kind of our home
home mountain and home uh home race and
so we always try and get back here every
year
you know the last one I know that you're
saying you're in pain all the bodyes
what not are you playing
on you know what I doubled last year and
it was my first time my last so I am not
doubling this year it's a good thing cuz
it looks like we got a big snowstorm
coming so no I'm not going to double uh
maybe when I'm 60 yeah yeah good left
you're amazing Michael thank you good
job awesome thank you so very much
there's Uncle
Joseph thank you nice to meet you J see
you later we'll see you at the bottom
you bet signature yeah that's right gosh
you Rising those oh no
no like there's holes in all right have
a good
one yeah I can't get over this weather I
know it's so gorgeous it is you don't
have to deal with snow I'm good thanks
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
was never enough you're looking for a
little bit more than you cuz and you're
like a
[Music]
lot cool he thank you thank you so
much nice one feel that that's yours
second place finisher today out of
Lakewood Colorado went
2458 that is Seth
[Applause]
deore I I saw on the a lot of wearing
your jerse really that's great to hear I
read some of the comments from
all right
boys we did it woo thanks you're coming
and cheering and filming fun just so you
know
dgr all that footage today was thanks to
these boys good
work the torch has been passed
[Music]
I okay with these
[Music]
bigum yeah that's a good
one oh this I
like a
good let's
go yum yum yum
[Music]
oh my
my we survived another Peak yes we did
everybody little feton don't mind if I
do to celebrate this fine fine day oh
nothing like a good steak if you know
what I mean and why celebrate you know
when you know no no FK no PR no W today
um
but I am celebrating because I'm healthy
after a big summer huh a big summer of
training and more importantly I was able
to share this entire summer with Joseph
all right fkt is in Colorado racing in
Italy now Pike PE and and and I'm 100%
you probably picked up on it on straa or
wherever else I'm out of Crossroads
everybody I'm not going to be racing
much in the future
without the family in fact at all that's
the goal is it's all about the family
it's always been about the family but as
the kids get older you learn you well
you learn but you know like okay these
are the moments these are the like to
you know to to win races I love it it I
will continue to strive just I'm not I'm
not giving up on racing or chasing down
PRS personally or chasing down course
records depending on where I'm racing
I'm not giving up on that but at the end
of the day it's the hugs at the finish
line that's what matters you guys know
that and so that is why I'm eating the
filet monion is that I was able to
celebrate on top of the mountain down in
Manu here and give hugs and high fives
and fist bumps to everybody up on the
mountain you're amazing for waking up
early and driving up the mountain but
then everybody at the award ceremony
shout out to Shan uh for just Dawn oh my
goodness Dawn getting the footage up on
top of the mountain like that's what
racing is all about that's what is
sharing the experience with other people
cuz if you're sharing it alone that's
sad like that's no fun so it's all about
ex meeting all of you giving you hugs
high fives and so yes I'm going to
finish this steak enjoy it while while
it's hot and I love you onward and
upward and um we'll keep we're going
keep fighting we're going to keep
working hard and now I got a team of
team of videographers the boys shout out
to the boys for filming all day long
getting the shots thank you boys you're
the best so onward and upward we'll toss
it to the Pikes Peak playlist right
there and um oh man I'll break down the
race what happened on the mountain
sooner rather than later I don't know
when but sooner rather than later all
right see beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# The Pikes Peak Ascent Training Wild Card that I've Never Done Before

York we can York
out
us another year another Peak here we go
everybody I can't believe it's time
again I just cannot believe it's time oh
my my all right let's open this box
question of the day who's racing all
right let us know in the comments the
ascent or the marathon is it your first
time up the peak all right basically
8,000 vertical feet starting in Mana 2
Springs we got our gels all right for
the race fresh gels and fresh kicks you
better believe it come on now oh yeah I
actually I it's great you got if you've
oh man what a summer so I got a lot to
break down here take a there they are
there's the Freshies all right so nice
uh I did go a half size down you know
how I like a snug fit for racing and I
got my gear here that I've been prepping
all week gathering in one spot actually
the camera is sitting right on top of
the gear that is get going to end up on
top of the mountain so let's actually
dive into that right now it's going to
be chilly like last year it might snow I
don't think it's going to snow Saturday
or Friday night but it sounds like maybe
for the marathon who knows it's it's
kind of up in the air right now but at
the very least it's going to be quite
chilly so all my basically winter parka
gear is sitting right below the camera
I'll show you that on the screen right
now as I so that bag will end up on the
top of the mountain and let's see got
all my dgr gear race gear ready uh it's
just been an epic summer a big summer a
lot of vertical gain but connecting to
the title of the Vlog I've never done
this before Oh I actually wanted to show
you this too so last
here we go glad I remembered or saw this
so this is I think this is last year it
might be two years ago so I think this
is my fifth or sixth I don't I'm losing
track uh Pikes Peak race so this is last
year's race shirt very cool probably
says it somewhere on here I think this
is last year's and bottom line last year
I was a little tired for the Pikes Peak
ascent and remember last year I doubled
so this year just the ascent on Saturday
three weeks before last year's race I
took a little little rad road trip to
mavista Colorado and I did three
fktsgi hope it finish higher than that
at least top three but it just showed me
um like what I'm getting at for you and
your racing you're going to learn you're
going to learn you're going to learn
every year every training block you're
going to learn new things and as you age
you're going to learn how your body is
reacting to the training so I think I
was a little tired on the starting line
uh last year but this year we shall see
we don't know yet that's why we tow the
line that's why we lace him up that's
why we go have fun in Mana 2 Springs
Colorado but this year so I this is it I
took I've never done this before ever
ever I took two days off I took I didn't
I did not run I didn't run I never do
that ladies and gentlemen if you've been
watching for years and years you know
even before a peak race but so I I foam
rolled I did a little walking on the
treadmill I went to the gym to hop in
the hot tub I just tried to make the
legs as happy as possible so that was
Tuesday and Wednesday today's Thursday
Friday racing Saturday so I I jog two
miles today tomorrow I'll do like a mile
crazy again adaptation learning the
process of racing as you get a little
older almost a masters but I just wanted
to communicate with you like don't be
afraid to change things up and we shall
see we don't know we don't know that's
why you got to tune in I I think there's
going to be a live stream and uh a live
stream and what else um I don't think I
don't know if there's live tracking for
I think there's a little bit of live
tracking on the website but bottom line
I'm excited I'm excited for the packing
enjoying the whole process and I just
close with this is
that I love racing but I tell you what
tapering is kind of a sad moment because
you can't run a lot and I I just like to
run that's all I like to run a lot but
you have to pull back and you got to
taper and you got to let those legs get
happy but I'm excited to get past the
race and I'm excited for race day you
know why cuz I'm sharing it with the
family and I'm going to share it with
you if you're there and again question
of the day are you racing are you going
to be there oh if you have any video
clips from the starting line the Finish
Line uh up on the mountain if you're up
there somewhere feel free to email them
to me info at demor Global running.com
and I'll try and get them into the Vlogs
the Vlogs that happen after this video
so uh but it's like at the end of the
day yes winning the Pikes Peak Marathon
I think the first one was 2020 exciting
unexpected got it done but like if I'm
not sharing it with the family what's I
don't want to say what's the point but
it's almost like what's the point for me
personally so the family will be there
it's just going to be a good old time it
going to be a good old time everybody so
have fun out there enjoy the process of
packing of getting your bib number
putting it on eating some pasta whatever
you do to get ready for your Peak races
and um yeah you can have some nerves
nerves are good I'll be a little I have
some nerves but at the same time I'm
going to be like once a year we get to
just go rip it up a mountain 8,000
vertical feet and there's just nothing
quite like it so onward and upward love
you see you on the Peak and uh there's
all the gear most of the gear you're
seeing on your screen as you as you
ascend upward all right we'll toss to
the Pikes Peak uh Pikes Peak playlist
right there seek Beauty work hard and
love each other

---

# New Running Gear Unboxing & Hay Is In the BARN for Pikes Peak Ascent

[Music]
to of the morning
[Music]
[Music]
so hey
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
h
[Applause]
[Music]
beer stat hay is in the barn every
Pike's Peak whether it's the ascent
whether it's the marathon this is the
final Mountain uh because it's an easy
it's the easiest one all right we are
five day as of this recording 5 days out
from the race so there it is ah good
solid stimulus and let's rock and roll
see you at the peak see hopefully
whether it's in Mana 2 or up on top or
somewhere in between can't wait to uh
see all of you out there it's going to
be fun and oh man nothing like running
up 14,000 ft Mountain together all right
here we go unboxing day Hoka mock x2 in
for testing all right there we go nice
it's feeling it's uh dual density uh
looks like much more breathable upper
compared to the Past liking the heel
counter and shining through there a
little plate I'm get I think it's a n
yeah nylon plate inside that midsole
hokok X2 uh let's see another company
raid I they reached out to me and said
hey yeah raid r a i d e oh look at that
interesting it says research and
development for Steep terrain uh I got a
size small here this is a belt I'm
actually I love belts that's all I
really use as far as uh you know running
up these mountains and when I'm running
in Denver is belts rather than a vest I
realize that you know some races require
you to to use a vest over a belt but I'm
kind of excited kind of intrigued looks
like a lot more pocket action in this
guy um not exactly flexible per se but
anyway raid thank you for sending this
belt and a water bottle right there also
next from innovate we got some
roadfly all right I I don't know if I've
ever tested uh Road shoes from innovate
all right innovate out of the UK there
you go jet black 4mm drop on that
midsole kind of an interesting outsole
they're definitely known more so for
their for their trail shoes so we will
see how these guys go I'll give them uh
give them the paces here in the Rocky
Mountains in Colorado all right next up
we got let's see let's see oh yeah th
10,000 you guys I consider them more of
a uh a crossover company between
basically uh you know going to the gym
type of company not necessarily running
but I'll put them you know I can feel
that I'm very tuned in to fabric these
days as you know with all of our dgr
gear so I can sense this is a good shirt
for the gym uh maybe like when it's
cooler out in November and it's not
quite quite long sleeve weather but it
feels pretty thick for runners but for
going to the gym I'm I'm feeling real
and I go to the gym a lot so and uh
again shorts it's so funny all these
companies there's a lot of them who are
more that crossover athlete between
endurance and strength the these going
to be perfect uh I could again I'm very
tuned in to fabric these days so feels
good just a little on the thicker side
for runners but thank you 10,000 for
sending that uh what else is there
anything else I think that might be it
except I know there's some uh I know
there's some sunglasses coming but I
don't think they actually ared maybe
they're in the PO box but these are to
hold the sunglasses shout out to Peggy
and Coach Prime I ain't hard to find uh
I ain't hard to find
either meaning Peggy go Buffs go see you
uh Peggy is the lifelong you know the
biggest fan of CU football anyway to
support her somehow she has like an N
nil deal and so these are sunglasses
holders and I got these for uh actually
for Christmas to give to the boys in
their stockings and all that good stff
but it basically holds sunglasses or any
kind of glasses and Peggy has been she's
been a CU you football fan for I think
like 60 70 years anyway I knew Peggy
when I was in Boulder when I used to
live up there I think she's 99 years old
now so she's no spring chicken but she
is the biggest CU football fan so uh
coach Prime did a collaboration with her
and blenders uh sunglasses and basically
Peggy gets a cut of every sale of this
sunglasses holder so anyway I picked up
a a handful of them so shout out to
Peggy go Buffs go pikes Peak Ascent
Runner see you up there on the mountain
it's going to be fun and uh onward and
upward all right we oh yeah question of
the day what's your uh most recent
running gear purchase and why did you
buy it all right right there right there
we'll go Pikes pink of course Pikes Peak
the Pikes Peak playlist lots of videos
there if you want any information on how
to run Pikes Peak right there all right
seek Beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# An Ode to Italian Mountain Running with Joseph

[Music]
[Applause]
last track the for through the trees
forgot what I was
chasing spent so many nights living out
at Sea that my heart is gone
bacing and everybody who was close to me
all stayed on dry
l so now I'm driving
back West I just got to feel something
there it is 50
280 elevation of Denver
Colorado that's pretty wild to think
Denver is right
[Music]
here oh I want to stay right here right
here chilling with my friends for
another year I would walk away from the
spotlight for the good light come on
turn your hate into poetry pain in power
and I me your friends and your minutes
in the hours I would walk away from the
spotlight
for the good life for the good
life she my best friend and apologetic
tax he says to come
over well the whole damn town has been
waiting for the day when you would come
back here there was dancing and talking
and Stakes on the grill and I think that
I will be all right and my ex from high
school still looks just the same as she
did back in
2009 now do we till the
morning let's never put the night on
night never put the night on
night oh I want to see right here right
here chilling with my friends for
another I would walk away I would walk
away from the spotlight for the good
life come on tell you ha in a poetry
pain in a power and I need some friends
and your minutes in the hours I would
walk away from Spotlight for the good
light for the good light
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
that's see there you go
[Music]
okay all right that is
it signing off from
Italy
man we'll be back we will be
[Music]
back all right talks to uh
racing playlist right there see beauty
work hard and love each other how do you
say that in Italian

---

# Racing the Italian Sun: A Mountain Runner's Journey in Italy

[Music]
[Music]
no
[Music]
Hi how are you good how are you thank
you good good uh 30 Seth
more okay okay no no no that's
okay
see what size for the T-shirt small
small
[Music]
large all
right round two round two today
21 km 5,000 ft of climbing all right I'm
excited about that spread that vertical
out a little bit more than yesterday and
uh see if we can't wake these legs up in
Italy all right keep turning that door
or not keep having fun enjoy the process
everything from getting the bib number
to putting the putting the bib on your
your singlet and uh you know chatting
with Runners at the starting line so
that's what uh that's what it's it's
it's a good part of the racing
experience is to soak in everything
happening around you um so let's go get
the shoes on all right got the socks got
the shoes get a little warm up in
[Music]
he
[Applause]
he he
[Music]
you
he
[Applause]
he
[Music]
[Applause]
good job good
[Music]
job job this
work woo nice
work there you
go nice sh
looking good looking good
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
h
know
[Applause]
yes sh there it is fishing up fish is
right there go go
go you got it catch him catch him
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good job good job good job djr strong
[Applause]
man doozy God done man your feet are
soaked yeah like it wasn't Creek it was
yeah oh it's so
hot little bit but not
[Music]
horrible is
[Music]
little hot out little hot the seat
wet oh yeah think that's okay oh yeah
oops it's
hot another hot
one thanks for cheering oh yeah
appreciate it yeah it was cool to check
it out doing a little
filmingo man you got that other camera
yeah
[Music]
the game
[Music]
Ro
[Music]
that doggle
hunt in high school we used to say uh
when there was an epic view my friends
and I would say that dog will hunt yes
it will oh man we made it to the
dolomites and quick little recap I will
do a bigger recap back in Colorado uh
but hello I mean look at that that's
pretty amazing let the Italian vacation
begin for a couple days meaning running
running up there tomorrow hopefully the
legs will allow me to do it um quick
recap I believe I was 23rd today
obviously not the placing I might have
hoped for definitely not but um huge
learning experience Clarity out there on
the trails for life and the future
through uh running the tro Nazo 30° C it
was toasty um it was just toasty there's
no other way to say it but I did carry a
handheld you saw that throughout the
race um I did I it was good like I it
was fast like there's no other way to
say it the the European racing circuit
is Fast and the mountains are no joke
and the races start later in the morning
compared to Colorado races and so it it
just it was I think it was about 80°
fahit by the end of the race at yeah
about whatever 30° C is in Fahrenheit so
Lessons Learned there but um at the end
of the day you know running with Joseph
exploring Italy getting up and seeking
Beauty that's what it's all about so
we'll I'll get you a much more detailed
recap um because now we got to go find
some dinner and it's just like man it's
like it's man you ital Italy you guys do
not mess around with your mountains oh
my goodness I can't stop looking
backwards so onward and upward that's a
little update it was uh actually one
second uh 4,400 ft of vertical gain uh
hour 51 for the final time and again 13
miles so 21k spot on and oh all the race
organizers all the volunteers out there
you crushed it and the fans oh my
goodness like the people cheering along
the way it was amazing so so cool to uh
share the culture of running cross
borders you know what I mean it's like
uh run what am I always saying like
running is the most accessible sport I
think on Earth you don't need a pool you
don't need a uh lacrosse ball you don't
need a tennis racket all you need are
your two feet and you let a rip and so
the fact that I was able to experience
the Italian running culture um in CCO
Italy which is it was it was amazing it
was and remember one of my goals I know
I'm rambling now but one of my goals was
to run a European Mountain race for the
last four or five years you know we had
covid we had you know two babies born uh
my injury year there's just been a lot a
lot of things happening in the
summertime and so I haven't been able to
get over here so it's so great to
finally be able to experience Italy and
Europe and let it rip and even in the
heat so on where we go we'll toss it to
the mountain actually no we'll do the
the racing playlist this will end up
there and again once I'm back in
Colorado I'll give you more details on
both races yesterday's race and today's
race oh man all right seek Beauty work
hard and love each other

---

# Climbing & Racing Italian Mountains: The Nasego VK Adventure Race with Heat on the Rise

[Music]
[Music]
there he is made it
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
jum
jum jump
[Music]
[Music]
warm up up is in the books we made it to
Italy everybody uh quite the journey
we're in Casto Italy Northern Italy this
is like the kind of the foothills of the
dolomites the plane was great uh you
know the first night didn't really sleep
a ton but the second night last night uh
so Joseph and I arrived Thursday
yesterday was Friday they've been taking
incredible care of us feeding us well oh
the pasta the pasta it's so good but now
it is Saturday so I'm racing today and
tomorrow today is the VK actually the
mountain is right behind me all right so
we're going up that it's beautiful it's
epic um and the ladies actually already
started so the men go second so what is
a VK so it's 2.6 miles I think this is
the shortest race since high school I'm
not even I really I think it's last time
I Ran 2 miles was in high school on the
track so this is 2.6 Mi to the top and
uh just over 3,000 ft all right there it
is on your screen that's the that's so
we're talking 24% average grade but you
start in town so that eats up maybe a/4
mile of the course and then you just
start climbing but what's kind of cool
it's not just pure nature it's also
you're running through people's
backyards and little farms and gardens
and you're weaving in and out of these
houses so it's going to be epic um it's
the first so what are the goals for
today a have fun with Joseph in the
Italian mountains B uh figure out what
is it what does it feel like to race a
vertical kilometer this is the first VK
of my entire life it's only it only took
me 39 years but we're here we're doing
it and then see is I want to stick my
nose in it um I I know I just know it's
going to go out like a like a high
school or or college cross country race
so but I want to stick my nose in it and
just see see how we do this is
definitely out a little out outside my
wheelhouse but um I I feel good we've
been getting some good fkt training as
you all know in the Colorado Rockies and
so the elevation so obviously Joseph and
I when we start our
fktsgi lower than what we're used to in
Colorado so hopefully hopefully that
helps us a little bit here in Casto
again shout out to Alex the race
director thanks for hosting us and uh
giving us delicious food here in Italy
and uh having the welcoming ceremony
last night it was so fun to see all the
athletes and let's rock and roll all
right and to all the locals who traveled
up from uh southern Italy to say
Hello thank you thank you have a nice
what's your name Alexandre Alexandro
thank you have a nice thank you you too
we'll see you at the finish I I
appreciate you thank you for watching
the YouTube channel and I can't wait to
uh meet meet many of you after uh I
can't wait to meet many of you after the
race the locals are saying hi as I as I
talk to the camera all right I better go
get to the start line let's rock and
roll see how we do here first VK of my
life onward and upward butter do bread
[Music]
I'm
take would transform like the meat off
the bone we've been like this for most
of our Lives
now be my be my aerplane be my be my
lost control
be be
my be my be my confident you hear on the
radio that you
know
he's
still I'm a blanking
Bor nothing to show these days we miss
all both of our Lives now like the
neighbors will get oh we broken the more
we been
transf never surviving
[Music]
now be my be my herane be my be my lost
control
[Music]
good
work oh oh that was hard okay thank you
Beauty see
beauty that was hard here's our
hotel got
got good job good job good
job good job good job good J good job
good
good job you got it you got it you got
you
got
Ireland let's go let's go let's go come
on
nice good work good
work you got it you got there he is
there he is go go go
[Music]
go well thank you for your words
yesterday oh no no Sharon and uh I have
to thank you because I I I don't don't
don't have the words because my English
is no no no
I I can I can understand but you you
understand yes such an inspiration for
me for because um I was a truck driver
ah in 20
for 10 years okay n 10 years driver yeah
start
walking down the
mountain there's no roads up
[Applause]
here ah
nice zesty in Italy
zesty
just in theck have more cheese there oh
[Applause]
well that was epic just trying to
balance the camera here making sure it
doesn't fall oh M all right I think it's
good we survived we survived we survived
we didn't fall off the mountain that's a
good thing that's a good start to the uh
trip in Italy here's the deal everybody
um give yourself a little Grace when
you're trying striving to find your
Niche your niche in the running world
and specifically in the racing World
okay just give yourself a little Grace
all right give me Grace this is my first
VK and it's not going to be my last will
say that much but it didn't go well
today uh I I mean I stuck my nose in it
for maybe a half mile you know granted
the entire race is 2.6 miles so I was in
it for maybe like a half mile 3/4 of a
mile and then they started to pull away
and I'm going to break down the entire
race here in a couple days but at least
at the moment it just it didn't work out
is the bottom I haven't even seen the
official results when I get the official
results I'll let you know how how I did
but it it was not good uh I don't even
think I was top 25 yeah it was rough any
oh Mama Mia the heat the heat in Italy
is no joke I don't know why anyway
tomorrow's race I'm racing in like 12
hours so I actually got to go to dinner
and then hit the sack but in 12 hours uh
we start two hours earlier I'm I'm
hoping that that's going to make all the
difference in the world for tomorrow's
21k not a VK but a 21k so I'm excited
about that but didn't didn't go off has
planned but in the joy department and
the fun Department I mean come on
sharing the starting line with Joseph
epic but running through the village and
just seeing all the youngsters out there
cheering and the elderly halfway up the
mountain shout out to the Italians you
guys came out in full force to cheer us
on so thank you question of the day
what's your top one two or three niches
in the racing world in the Running World
all right what do you love to do as far
as racing is concern concerned I will
say the VK is probably not going to be
in my top three anytime soon uh but
we're going to keep striving all right
onward Upward at least we got to seek
some beauty along the way out there oh
my my oh my my all right onward we go
see beauty work hard and love each other

---

# HOKA TECTON X 3

[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
oh Nelly come on now po tecton X3 that's
what I'm talking about all right let's
get to get some thoughts on the film
here's a deal you can still buy like
listen running gear running gear it's
not my thing but I know a lot of people
like it's just not I just like running I
don't need all the new gear but I get it
a lot of people do love their gear so I
want to continue over time to bring gear
back and not just running shoes so over
at uh running Warehouse yes you can
still buy all your running gear uh from
running Warehouse using the links below
or at deor Global running.com um oh hold
on let me turn that off one second
listening to a podcast going up and down
the mountain today so hok tekon X3 is
definitely going to be linked Down Below
in the description to running Warehouse
I believe it's available yeah I believe
it's available you've probably been
seeing Walmsley run all over YouTube in
the last couple weeks because they are
advertising big time with him on the
YouTube ad advertising front oh man uh
um I'm quite excited so the original
tekon remember that it was kind of
supposed to be so there is a cfp inside
that midsole I the tekon X1 was supposed
to you know kind of change the game and
I wasn't overly impressed this guy third
iteration I'm excited I'm going to say
I'm going to say it might be a little
too much for let's say a 10K or a 10
mile or even maybe a half marathon Trail
race I it's tempting though so uh upper
a little Loosey Goosey around the collar
uh but again this is my first run and so
I need to uh work on the lacing a little
better and but the upper like it feels
and so I'll put on the screen my uh my
uh my scale in the back of the truck
died because I haven't used it in a
while so the battery was low so I was
unable to uh weigh it but I'll I'll
weigh it back at the house and put it on
the screen we're talking lightweight
bouncing
you can feel the plate you can feel it
working with the uh the foot strike and
I was like and you know what actually uh
I'm going to Italy very soon when you're
watching this I might be in Italy and so
some trail races you have to do like a
half half mile or a mile or even
sometimes two miles on pavement this
might be a good option because the grip
matches the stack height I wouldn't
necessarily like right now it's not
jumping out at me as I'm looking up at
the mountain as a very technical Trail
shoe like a a shoe for technical
technical Trails um it's a the stack
heite is pretty decent and just rolling
the ankle you don't want to risk that
too much out there but so I think the
traction the lugs the Vibram the meag
grip matches actually the it's their
light base uh technology for the the
outsole I think it actually matches the
stack kite I'm gonna say like I didn't
obviously I haven't run UTMB before but
um like this is I'm gonna say more on
the buffed out type of Trail shoe like
not technical Trails but buffed out
trails and where you can really fly like
really like it
feels quite nice I'm yeah hopefully you
can tell like I'm excited I don't know
if I'm going to have a chance to race in
it this year who knows maybe I'll pack
him to Italy just in case but uh I am
doing a vertical kilometer on Saturday
in uh Casto Italy and then a half
marathon on Sunday but I don't know the
I'd say my number one negative thus far
is the lockdown feel and guess what if I
was H could sent these to me if I was
buying these again I would absolutely go
a half sizee down um I was swimming
pretty good and or just wear like much
thicker socks but I was kind of swimming
through for me for a racing shoe you
guys know that so those are my thoughts
Hoka tekon
X3 quite intriguing I suspect like this
is going to be a doozy this is going to
this is I like this is going to show up
on a lot of starting lines is the bottom
line again available Down Below in the
uh description in the comments and then
over at demor Global running.com love
you all onward we go we're out of here
cruising down the mountain and uh we
will see you guys on the flip side all
right seek Beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# The Mt Elbert Running Adventure: A FKT Twist That Continues

[Music]
these are the fun moments when the path
you are on as a runner isn't as
clear as you might hope for whether you
coach yourself whether you work with a
coach either way you got to make
decisions you might have two three four
five doors in front of you that you just
have to analyze and figure out huh I
went down this this door this path and
it it didn't quite work AKA last week on
here on Peak I didn't keep up with
Joseph that's right he took off and my
legs didn't quite have the juice didn't
quite have the the the power to get up
that mountain as fast as him so now
where it becomes a a riddle and riddles
are fun that's it's like the last seven
days I have thought way too much about
the Tinker I'm always talking about the
tinker and what can I do differently
which door can I choose in the next
seven days to make the results a little
different for today for this morning
that's the fun part of training of
running and I hope I just hope that you
can get to that point in your training
in your running uh you know may it might
take you a couple years it might take
you five years it might take you a
decade before you feel comfortable
enough to make those decisions for
yourself knowing ooh okay didn't quite
work out this week we're going to we're
going to we're going to go through this
door and see if we can change uh change
the outcome so that's what we're doing
today it's been a fun week of I'll just
say it trial and air or air and trial
you know Belford two weeks ago here on
last week we got Belford hereon was
great but not I wasn't I wasn't at the I
wasn't at the level all right so go to
Elbert the tallest mountain in Colorado
this is the North Trail the South Trail
we got earlier in the summer it was
beautiful it was amazing but it was a
very simple Day meaning the time was
pretty pedestrian for Joseph and I to go
go after together the North Trail is not
it's the opposite it is the doozy it is
difficult it is fast it is steep 177%
grade about 4.6 mil to the top about
4,300 you can tell tell I've been I've
been analyzing about 4,300 vertical feet
let's get after it get these shoes on
get through beautiful Leadville Colorado
and uh see if we can't track down Joseph
in the High
[Music]
Country yeah I think you know it's it's
basically 105 flat yeah and uh
if you uh same deal
if if you feel good you go if I feel
good I'll go if hopefully we feel the
same yep
but
okay no I think we I think we nailed the
weather day yeah this would be great
so okay count down
yeah
three two one go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
h
that's crazy
[Music]
he
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
can I kick some ass let's go
[Music]
[Music]
sh
105 you
good thank
you enjoy kill it enjoy yeah butter my
bread
w
okay
right I'd do that you'll never see
me
ah that was good told me that maybe
you're just not going to be able to ever
run again and I'm like I'm okay with
that's okay hiking is just
great well we were close
right just like so I don't know we'll
have to have a
discussion
about I don't know if stra will give it
to us yeah but I think
fkt so I was thinking on the way
down in uh
Discord I could ask some like math
Wizards yeah to
like use the difference in
distance and the pitch and the final
times yeah
so I think we like we might have been 10
or 15 seconds short yeah but we ran A4
mile further right like I think I had
4.88 yeah maybe 4.9 and it was and it
was 4.6 totally yeah so that's if I'm
doing the math right on my watch that's
a quarter mile basically yep so I think
those switch backs where the new Trail
is
I think it's I think that's basically
where it's adding on yeah most of
the I mean I think it's noticeable how
that was probably oh yeah and then and
then also tell the people whoever the
math Wizards
are um like on my watch so yeah I think
that's the key met metric maybe is is
the 13 my watch said and I trust Garmin
but once we get back to service but my
watch said we average 1330 a mile yeah
and I know
from
straa my fkt was
1406 what you what we got today was up
in the uh lasportiva Captiva
Captiva all right Mount Albert
14,433 think yeah sounds bad right
tallest mountain in Colorado so we got
Captiva I went with the pulsars yeah it
did well and um hair of our chinny chin
chin uh razor thin margins yeah there's
kind of layers I feel like there's
layers to uh fkt efforts totally yeah
there's where it's like you know some
mountains that have never been touched
and then there's some mountains that are
very popular that's what this one was
today right yeah popular mountain in
general and very popular Mountain for
fkt some of the names that have yeah
gone after the times it's pretty cool to
see yeah be a part of that list and uh
yeah it was it was close we so as usual
we don't have cell service right yeah I
can't tell yet so we don't know we don't
can't give you an answer with respect to
if we got it or not but it was fun
and uh we just rolled from the beginning
right yeah it was fast off the gun and
there's some fast sections below tree
line and yeah really fun day there was
some good people out there the trail
comments be hilarious butter my bread I
don't know if you heard it on the little
camera but we whoever you were hopefully
you see this uh thanks for getting a
little butter my bread on there enjoy K
it yeah someone said that there were
Flames coming off our feet oh nice
someone said uh I didn't hear that
someone said uh save some oxygen for us
oh really that's we some good ones
that's good that's good yeah just I know
and uh a little windy on top it's just
just perfect temperature pretty much the
whole way but again we're talking like I
said last week it's just seconds cuz all
these all these uh all these
fktsgi yeah shout out to everyone who's
gone after this time Noah Killian back
in the day Anton Anton Sage yeah a lot
of uh a lot of stout Runners yo yeah I
mean it's just been like if you look at
the top 10 maybe I'll put it on the
screen it's just
like it's like the best yeah and
something that's cool about fktsgi
I don't know if they're making the trail
faster but they're definitely making it
better and more sustainable it's for
long term it's like the work they're
doing is incredible I if I can find
footage basically they're adding steps
and retaining walls and it's totally
necessary because hundreds of people
almost hundreds of people go up it every
day so you have to control the trail and
but you have to do the good old stair
stepping as well yeah and the
quads yeah stair stepping the the uh
it's a little bit added distance now
which will be interesting to kind of
break down and see like you know when
the trail is fully fully done like you
know what it really looks like I think I
had like
4.88 4.9 basically to the top from so
we'll see again once we get back to cell
service but it at the end of the day
it's all about the stimulus yeah abely
brick stacking those bricks
and it just is were working pretty hard
it was a lung burner you probably heard
the uh heard the breathing at the end
there so yeah fun day and now we go to
Italy yeah last uh last hard effort and
I think we're ready this might be the
last might be the last Vlog before Italy
but if you're watching in Italy maybe
we'll see you there in Northern Italy so
Casto yeah oh man all right good work
cool the socks shoot you okay oh yeah
the sockss are perfect nice yep had to
bring the fast socks for this one yeah I
know be able to dive in to the fkt on
the tallest mountain in Colorado yes we
have 58 Summits that rise above 14,000
ft but I can't dive into it now because
I got to go catch an airplane that's
right there's the passport Joseph and I
are heading to Italy for for races this
weekend in Casto Italy Northern Italy uh
I'm going to do a VK on Saturday and
then a half marathon on Sunday and I
know this is might be a little
disappointing that we're not going to
really break down uh what happened on
Mount Elbert but I just got to tell
you there's a lot of layers to there's
layers to this thing and it's fun
because guess what it's connected to
history
tradition uh
experience and um people you know like
real legitimate mountain and Ultra
Runners from across the United States
but especially here in Colorado who have
put forth very Valiant efforts on Mount
Elbert all right
14,433 ft above sea level that's a
summit of Mount Albert and let's just
say Joseph and I put forth a very good
effort today but some other things some
other actions that's a better way to say
it some some other actions were also put
forth on Mount Elbert literally at the
exact same time that Joseph and I were
on the mountain all right and I'll just
leave it at that and so probably in a
week from now 10 days from now once
Joseph and I are back from Italy again
we got to go to Italy go race and once
we're back I just don't think I'm going
to have the time to really dive into
what transpired on the mountain and what
we witnessed all right I'm going to
leave it at that it was very good I will
say it was a PR for me Joseph I'm not
sure if he's act I don't think he has
actually on that particular Trail the
North Trail on Mount Elbert I don't
think he's ever put forth an fkt effort
and that's what we did today and so that
was my probably
third third or fourth effort in the last
five or six years on that mountain and
it was a PR so that's good but there's
layers layers to this story and it's fun
and
dramatic quite quite dramatic oh my
goodness all right I'll let you dig into
it if you want to over on straa all
right we will uh we will toss it to the
uh f KT playlist right there sorry I
can't give you more answers but I got to
we got to we got to get off to Italy all
right seek Beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# Historic Course Records, FKTs, and Candles for the DeMoors

[Music]
good job
[Music]
J nice get it baby grab it
happy birthday Mama that was
heroic oh my okay here we go birthday
breakfast what is that oh my
god oh I it's like pouring cream I can
tell oh hello big boys I did pour your
milk so okay you come take a break we'll
all work on the batteries you come e
we'll do a prayer over here my favorite
you don't care about this bag right
Joseph of the bag what is it no yeah
many blessings and sheer Joy on this day
we love you Jesus amen in the name of
the father son holy spirit
amen Jose we're proud of you so proud of
Joseph James 12 years on this earth live
in
virtue oh bab a
bab bab Willy ma wiie ma what
yeah I don't know if these are
real keep them really safe so those are
really expensive
cards okay just so Jimmy Jones I don't
know if he's that good oh my he's pretty
good but you got a Babe Ruth oh my
goodness birthday to you
Joseph two Yankees in the first three we
like that that's
sick this is a m one
[Music]
made it to the tunnel onward and upward
running is part of life and life is part
of running that's how we roll on this
YouTube channel busy week at the deore
household it's birthday season again
happy birthday Joseph J that's right the
big number one two
unbelievable when we started this
journey sharing some Life on YouTube not
just running there's nothing wrong with
you you know running YouTube channels
nothing wrong with that but to me it's
like there's so much more to life than
running which is why we uh we just love
being able to share some of true love
and I love being able to share some of
our life with you and if you've been
with us 8 years I've lost track back
frankly Seven 8 years I don't even know
that means Joseph would have been four
or five I do believe when we started
making videos uh oh my goodness and you
know what's cool is now the boys are old
enough where they are like they're going
back and you know they watch Dude
Perfect and they Mar they watch Mark
Rober and that's all good good YouTube
channels but then they're actually now
taking an interest in watching old Vlogs
from the old house the old shudio the
old backyard uh it's just fun to now be
able to share like when they were s
eight their the interest wasn't really
there uh but now they're old enough
where they're like oh my goodness I
didn't know we did that and so it's like
these memories that are fun to be able
to share with all of you and today's
another one so happy birthday Joseph we
love you um after this actually Francine
we're coming for you that's right the
big number one for Francine uh but first
heading through Leadville here in a
minute good old Leadville 10,000 ft
above sea level the Leadville 100 kicked
off about 2 hours ago at 4 a.m. that's
right the Leadville 100 started today
and but we are we are not really
spectating Joseph and I we are going up
for Mount hon you better believe it
another 14er gonna let it rip see what
we can do uh up up in the High Country
if if it works out there's no guarantee
just because of timing but if it works
out we might be able to snag a little
footage of the Leadville 100 for all of
you here in you know 3 or 4 hours oh man
all right keep dreaming keep going let's
get it let's get it let's get it time
waits for no man um switch off
yeah gety and then you you know start
the real pretty steep climb yeah um yeah
I think the first mile will be good as
far as uh switchbacks
and
um
okay there we go go right here at the
log I think right here at the log and
you know I think we'll just get we'll
pick up the whole segment just to make
sure all right we ready when you are
right we go
chasing Chasing
You Chasing
You Chasing You
to Fall in Love is
Easy but that really doesn't matter
baby the challenge is to keep
the Make It Last
Forever know right from the I keep
chasing you you melt my heart until you
melt my heart until you melt my heart
until you m my heart you my heart I like
[Music]
[Applause]
w
C
impr
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good work yeahall good you keep
going yeahall good you keep going
[Music]
good good work yeah woo I forgot how uh
this section you got to if you're going
fast you got to pay attention yeah like
through here oh yeah like the just like
these switchbacks for sure he's a lot of
foot stepping oh man
so
yeah oh
man
the How uh
the the mountains on the or the trail on
the uh west side of the
SWAT um yeah what
is well you know when people do like the
Colgate Peak move yeah that's a good
question like is
there uh I don't know if I've ever
really explored that trail or whatever
it
is look at strong looking strong awesome
good work rolling
rolling
enjoy I wonder how far ahead he
is could be a lot it's uh you look good
it's wild for how big of a race whoa
whoa whoa
whoa for how big this race is I guess
you kind of here it's pretty quiet very
quiet just meat you're looking good how
does he look he looks good but so do you
you guys look the same man looking good
I'd say
uh same man looking good I'd say uh
right there yeah you're you're the
you're in it man keep going keep
[Applause]
going who is it adrew McDonald he's won
it twice okay yeah I I couldn't good
awesome huh he went with the vest I
didn't quite recognize
him looking strong looking strong thanks
great job
enjoy man yeah that was uh say like 2 or
3 minutes between each maybe two
[Music]
ride sweet
time so fun so
amazing so epic oh my goodness so first
of all tip of the cap to uh I think it
was David in first there cruising in the
Leadville 100
2024 amazing I've actually even though I
grew up in BV I I never spectated I I I
never went and watched the Leadville 100
so it was cool to see uh the lead
Runners come through Winfield that's the
halfway point so Joseph and I timed it
well today that we could see the leaders
and it's just good to see like what's
the pace all really all the top 10 that
we saw looked strong they were looking
happy and you know talking to us and we
were cheering them on so that was that
was perfect that's what I wanted to see
I'm not going to see the finish I got to
get back to Denver but congrats to uh
all the racers Joseph and I
today uh I definitely did not get the
fkt cuz Joseph beat me Joseph crushed it
and that's what's so fun about doing
fktsgi
sometimes we feel the same and today he
right from the gun I could tell like he
was feeling strong I felt pretty good in
the warm-up but my legs definitely
didn't quite have the pop you know that
just a little bit I guess they're a
little tired and that's okay and so he
just kept putting ground on me putting
ground on me uh I actually don't know if
we got it I will update you back at the
house uh because we didn't have cell
service up there so fun too much fun
oh two hon I called it Mount hon it's
hon Peak up in the High Country today uh
3 miles 3300 vertical feet
21.2% grade he got it Joseph got it oh
I'm so glad he took off cuz my legs
didn't have it today
26 seconds and I just keep emphasizing
throughout this entire 2024 summer the
fktsgi
and it's just like 26 seconds like you
know start counting right now like
that's pretty tight that that was tight
and he got it so 48 minutes flat to the
top uh about a 15 let me just pull it up
about 15 uh
1552 per mile is the average so
unbelievable course record for Joseph
and just so fun to be able to uh share
the mountain with him and uh hopefully
uh push him up push him up at the at
least at the beginning we were kind of
close but toward the end man it was all
him crushing it up there all right
birthday season like I said earlier uh
Joseph this morning Francine this
afternoon all right little little
cupcake action for the precious little
one to
you happy
birthday
dear Happy
Birthday to
little shy
girl granny K cake
yay and many
more okay okay okay wait wait wait okay
okay she's a
lady's lady
[Music]
you like
it
Frosty do you hit me Sharon with his
Lobster oh you like
[Music]
it your mouth is so crazy
a Peabo what up
you we love you Peabo go
[Music]

---

# DeMoor Brothers vs. Father Time: Mt. Belford FKT Attempt

[Music]
how it going morning good
morning sweet how Dipsy dipy come here
hi dips he's doing good hi
dibsy nice
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
okay let's
see just make sure watch is ready you go
with that yeah
okay
sweet all right it's pretty fast yep
let's do it
[Music]
[Music]
Co
[Music]
[Music]
half mile less than half
mile wanted to bring all this
a
now that was
good
40 is uh it was over it was a little
over 2 minutes oh 102 we were like
10250 no sorry
10325 so we about a little under two
minutes that was that was
epic oh that was real good
I think yeah the whole
way that was Mount
bford solid Mountain about 4,300
vertical feet in 3.8 miles so it's
actually a steep
one uh 23% grade just under 23% so
that's pretty steep for a
14er but I think we got it I think we'll
get back to sell service see how we did
but it was good man these
fktsgi in the vog oh there's Dipsy come
here thank you yeah
YouTube Do You
Believe question of the day do you
believe in
yourself you
know I know the legs will at some point
in life say enough is enough but in the
meantime why don't we all go run huh why
don't we all go run and get a little
faster as we age all right so do you
believe in yourself whatever you're
chasing down like it's hard I'll be
frank there's moments where it's like
man this is a tough time to go chase
down so I think this is the third
attempt on that mountain and uh Joseph
and I were getting older but little bit
faster all right so keep believing
patience aerobic engine building all the
good stuff we talk about here that we
have been talking about
here for years um I I've actually lost
track partially because the daily vog is
no longer I think s six seven eight
years somewhere in that window we've
been talking about the patience So
speaking of patience the kids
uh have been patiently awaiting my
return to the house so I got to I got to
get it back there let them uh enjoy a
little bit of uh goodness once again
we've learned to get the baby cups no no
no more of cuz it's just it's too much
andies too much andies but yes we do
brush our teeth all right love y'all fkt
playlist right there enjoy it soak it in
and we will see you guys on the flip
side seek Beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# Running 5 Years Older & 12 Minutes Faster | Mt Yale Dish

[Music]
the sun is
out a new
day a new
opportunity right that's all we want
here on YouTube that's all we need is
the
opportunity not the guarantee but the
opportunity to turn the door knob to go
chase down you know what all right your
dreams your goals your Fitness your
health your joy oh man if I uh if I had
a new tagline it would include uh joy in
the in what I say every day because it's
uh it's just so it's just so key for
what we do here as Runners here on this
Earth and yes the joy Pursuit The Joy
train today takes us up Mount Yale
starting from the Avalanche parking lot
and yes we're back in BV Hometown buav
bua not bu buav Vista and I just got to
say it's uh it's so nice to return to
the hometown and see the 14ers see the
Collegiate Peaks oh I'm on Main Street
right now beautiful I just love soaking
it in seeing you yes yes it has changed
a lot but it's still it's still BB it
really is at the core at the heart even
though it does look different with new
Banks and new new new a lot of things
here on here on the old Main Street but
um so today Avalanche Park Avalanche
parking lot that's where we're going 5
miles up uh 4,900 vertical feet and why
I'm really excited I I went back and
forth on what mountain to pursue today
but the reason I am going to to Yale is
because it's been 5 years almost exactly
to the day 5 years since I did this
segment this route up Mount Yale and I
know the time that I ran 5 years ago
thanks to straa this is one one nice
little benefit of straa is that it's
easy to track okay it's been five 2019
everybody in fact a little Side Story I
didn't have a lot of money back then and
so I slept in my car at the trail head
the night before wasn't really willing
to dish out money for a motel or
anything like that so I just crashed if
I have if I can find footage I'll put it
in I don't know if I'll be able to find
it but uh that's how much life has
changed and we've moved along uh and now
we are going back to 20 so I would have
been 34 so now we'll be 39 today uh
going after the
fkt on Mount Yale it's going to be Stout
it's not going to be easy it's going to
be difficult but we're going to go for
it all right and yes we do have some
boxes in the uh back of the truck that
if I have time I'm going to try and open
up for all of you after the run we'll
see how see how it goes so 5 miles to
the top and 49 so it's about an uh 8
% grade up the trail the average grade
up the trail all right main Street's
looking good sun is looking good
opportunity is looking good all right
onward we go let's lace it up and let a
rip
he
meady I could be
your there's no
gue on anything
and I'll take care of you along the
way my love one day a time will leave
our troubles
[Music]
behind and you'll take care of me along
the
way my love one day the time will leave
our troubles behind
here we
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
w
you
too we got it
12630 from uh
Avalanche but I got to keep going cuz
I'm going for the fkt awesome round trip
so what's your name Seth de more
there'll be a video on YouTube in a
couple days love you guys good job
wo all right I got to
go that was a cheerful
crowd usually nobody pays attention to
me but they were they were excited all
right let's get off this mountain that
was that was no
joke tip of the cap to Mr
Feebas he
[Music]
ah
well believe in
yourself especially as you get older
especially come on
everybody I do believe I don't have sell
service here but I do believe we beat uh
we beat 5ye 34 year old Seth by 12
minutes to the top I'm not sure yet
about the round trip but at least on the
Ascent over uh basically 5,000
ft I'm shocked actually so my clock said
128 20 12 or sorry
1262 to the top that feels real real
good so in 2019 when I slept in this
parking lot it was uh I ran 138 I'm
dying to know what shoes was I wearing 5
years ago cuz the pulsars weren't out
yet uh the innovates um like the mud
Talons or the uh yeah the X Talons from
innovate that I don't think I had those
yet I'm just wondering if I was in Speed
goats speaking of which so I you'll know
if we got the overall fkt uh here in a
minute if you know what I mean going
through a drive-thru but uh in the
meantime uh let's let's see if I can run
them down everybody Rudy Project Smith
sunto uh Hoka
Solomon and it's funny Once you become a
billion dooll company you hire PR firms
to do your marketing and so that's like
the third pair of speed goats so thank
you Hoka I don't need any more speed
goats just so you know speed goat sixes
but I do appreciate you sending them and
uh let's see what else did I open C wow
they're coming out with some clothing
now not just hats just so you know I
will not wear the hats I really won't
wear the singlets I'll wear the shorts
uh but as you know we got our own
running gear now and so I I haven't worn
another company's hat in a long long
time so C if you're listening to this
you can stop sending me uh uh hats
that's for sure I I will give it away
though to somebody on the intro webs out
there so it's a fun unboxing let me just
make sure I got everything Cel sunu Rudy
Smith Hoka Solomon um thank you thank
you Brands thank you companies and the
postar I'm going to say we're going to
save that pair for the Italy races when
I go to Italy here in about uh 3 weeks
with my brother so those are going to be
those are going to be fresh Freshies for
you always want fresh running shoes as
fresh as possible for race day great day
up in the mountains oh my goodness all
right let's uh let's get uh get back
through BB here and um see if we can't
get to some cell service if you know
what I mean
[Music]
all right camera died I think we're back
I think we're back so as I said earlier
um I'm 5 years older so for you question
of the day like what are
you when you are and this is where I
know oh I'm I'll say it I'm a preacher
well I preach patience on this YouTube
channel because if you don't have
patience in the game of long distance
running it's just going to be difficult
and and I'm just I'll be honest I like
what did I say on YouTube we're in the
top of the second inning now maybe we're
in the middle of the second inning if
you don't have patience in YouTube or
running it's just going to be difficult
for you to maybe see the gains because
it is that aerobic engine building and
so to go 12 minutes faster today it's
just like a little uh a little okay okay
we still got this and keep cha keep
dreaming keep working hard all that good
stuff keep eating andies along the way
so let's go deliver this uh deliver this
goodness to those those boys and and
girls uh can't forget Kate now I don't
know if we'll uh maybe we'll let
Francine have a little bite as well but
that's the question of the day how have
you um progressed over the last 5 years
in the game of long distance running
because it is a game and it's a fun game
and it's a it's more fun if you got a
little patience mixed into all the
goodness all right I think we'll close
it out everybody that was just a good
good effort uh a tip of the cap again to
Ryan all right we'll toss it to Mountain
running playlist as per
usual actually no no no fkt playlist fkt
playlist we got one of those too all
right see beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# The 5-Hour FKT Grand Slam that Fell Harrowingly Short

[Music]
this one's going to be a little little
on the Wild
Side some off
Trail going to pick up
Joseph it's 3:48
a.m. let's go come
on sometimes that b you know what I
don't think I slept well but it was not
hard to get out of that bed I just was
like all right today's the day sees the
day sees the moment let's turn that dut
let's make it happen I don't know just I
just popped out of that bed I did not
sleep well
um got home late last night but it
doesn't matter we're going to make this
happen we're going to go get some vert a
good amount of Earth today all right
somewhere around somewhere around 8,000
feet and again it's just going to be a
little adventurous up uh one of the
iconic Front Range
14ers so again going to pick up Joseph
right now we're going to uh let the legs
let the legs have a little bit of fun up
in the High Country you get it now come
on come
on don't uh don't lay back
leing come
on all right well let's do it here we go
[Music]
[Music]
than
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
h
all right where we at top of Mount merer
13,000 911 sweet
12955 yeah nice co woo now going over
there
[Music]
yeah look uh look behind
us yeah that's pretty sweet
[Music]
where are we at long
speak yes
sir
14,265 and
20925 might just have a little uh a
little snack
two two down three to
go yes sir that was good moving well
yeah
[Music]
gnarly yeah we did it top of pagod what
is this one pagod pagod that's right new
new Summit for both of us pagod third
Summit of the day third Summit
13437 3 hours flat s all right look at
the where we just came from holy smokes
[Music]
if you lost an iPhone I found
it ah what's this one storm Peak storm
Peak
18,38 ft in
353 here's our last one last
one that mount lady Washington I don't
know
how I think this is it yeah basically is
it
highest oh man look at the diamond yeah
dang what is that like 2,000 ft or
pretty amazing man all
right lady Washington yeah mount lady
Washington Mount lady Washington
13,277 in four minutes or 4 hours and 21
minutes yeah oh man that's it five done
[Music]
cool camera died
when you get back to the
car and you don't know if you got it it
it might be very close I thought we did
I'm not sure my watch said exactly 14
miles on the
button and I don't know what the vert I
I'm guessing about 8,000 ft of vert and
you might be wondering where is Joseph
he's getting more mileage he needs to he
needs a little more little more volume
today for his weekly volume so he's to
go pick him up down the road but it was
close I think our total time was about
511 we don't have cell service here so
we can't tell recovery is in full swing
you better believe it got to take a load
off after that let me turn the music
down Henry and I hanging out out here
question of the
day when did scouting a race course or
an fkt course really make a difference
for you all right that's the question of
the day when it's scouting a race course
or an fkt course really make a
difference for you out there it's
incredible how knowledge of a course
really really makes a difference so that
was the long
Peaks Grand Slam we had never done it
before and sure enough crazy crazy
2 minutes we missed it by about 2
minutes
unbelievable it's an it's it's probably
my guess is uh 60% off Trail so you're
really negotiating everything the Rocks
little bit of snow little bit of water
it's just it's gnarly there's no other
way to put it but scouting ahead of time
it just makes such a difference for
decision-making speed and sure enough I
mean two minutes for a 5H hour fkt
attempt like that's that's pretty that's
pretty close like we were very very
close and at the very end like actually
my one of my cameras died so I was
filming with Joseph's phone there at the
end but it was epic Mount Meer Longs
Peak uh pagot storm and then our lady I
can never get this right lady Mount
Washington there we go that's so five
Peaks seven 7500 vertical feet uh 14 mil
was what my watch said but it was just
it was gnarly and Li man I am a feeling
it right now that's why I got the cat
like I'm going to be a hurting unit but
we did it no Falls that's always good
and uh don't go do that course just so
you know especially if you are not
confident with
steeper situations we'll just put it
that way all right but it was good and
of course sharing it with with your
brother is the best uh Joseph was C he
I'll be honest he probably would have
gotten it without me but you know we
stuck together and uh he's he's if you
think I'm a mountain goat or a billy
goat or whatever you want to call me Old
Man Billy Goat he is the real billy goat
of the family so it was epic but we did
miss it we I think we I mean I'll just
say we might have like a mount Meer that
was the first Mountain so it tops out at
13,900 ft which is a
Centennial mountain in Colorado so
everyone goes and Hikes all the 14ers in
Colorado right there's 58 14ers so
14 Summits in the state of Colorado rise
above 14,000 ft well there's another
challenge that people like to go after
and that's getting to the top of the
centennials the centennials is you can
guess are the 100 highest Summits in
Colorado of course my brother has done
that and um so Mount merer is part of
the centennials
13,9 Ft so I think we got the uh Ascent
fkt for that anyway it was epic good
times man but now it's time to
recover hi Michael we're just grilling
out here Henry keep it in the pond all
right we love you guys I'm going to toss
it to of course as you know the mountain
running playlist all right seek Beauty
work hard and love each other and love
each other

---

# Skyrunning Upward to World Championship Butter

[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
us Sky running let's go all right group
run beautiful Boulder Colorado prepping
for Spain that's right the world skyr
running championships are happening in
Soria Spain early September all right so
we are here to uh get the sky running
team off to a good start we're going to
do a group run test out some demo some
last portiva shoes and oh man this quick
Side Story I lived in Boulder 5 years
about four blocks from here and this was
my old bank it used to be a bank and now
it's a l portiva Store look at this it's
beautiful just beautiful
[Applause]
[Music]
this is the Vault the bank vault right
in here
ni my kind of people right there yes
indeed right there today we're
introducing the uh Sky running US World
Championship team uh they're heading to
the World Champ in September in Spain
headed by uh Joe deore Las portiva
athlete we have uh Kelsey Kelsey is the
Sports Marketing Manager for Las portiva
North America yeah we've got almost half
the team here there's 12 of us uh going
to Spain for the World Championships uh
which happens every 2 years if you don't
really know what sky running is it's
trail running it's a little more
technical there's usually some
scrambling kind of that you know
mountaineering type of skill set is
needed um so yeah it's uh it's a kind of
Niche within trail running that's pretty
cool um yeah stoked to have so many
people from the team here and yeah
thanks again for everyone coming out
also one more thing Joe did get uh he
was the World Champ for the vertical uh
discipline in 2022 so pretty cool
[Music]
nah
[Music]
come on now let's send the sky running
the US sky Sky running team to Spain all
right give butter.com
SL skyrunning
2024 all right that's where you can
support the team we're about to do the
raffle here they got some good good
stuff to give away but go go support the
US team they're going to
Spain 385
3665 someone
[Music]
two more two
more that's a w Joseph and I are hitting
Long's Peak tomorrow so we got to we got
to gets to bed but hey thanks you too
all right L portiva shout out to you
thanks for hosting and uh us Sky running
going to Spain again give butter I
didn't choose that name just so you know
that's the that's the fundraising
website butter my bread all right we'll
toss it to uh I don't know Mountain
running playlist right there see beauty
work hard and love each other

---

# Vertical Breakfast Celebration Club: Vitamin Altitude

[Music]
is
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
guys
[Music]
thanks good thanks
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
low five Vibes today in the High Country
what can I say so I'm actually back to
reading again since the daily Vlog is no
longer I can sleep and I can wake up at
a good time and I can read books at
night so anyway I've been getting into
some chant and Loi Loi Combo music when
I'm reading anyway so I I thought you
know what let's throw some low low fi on
the Vlog today all right that was mount
Shavano beautiful up there as always of
course man there's just so many spots
in the United States in the world but in
Colorado where it's just like man I've
never been on some of these Trails
actually today so I had the fkt on the
old trail for a while but then the old
trail was no dice it was not constructed
well so they've added they're actually
doing this on quite a few 14ers in
Colorado right now where they're adding
switchbacks to make it more sustainable
which is smart because
you know if you go straight up the
mountain there's going to be erosion
there's going to be uh not rock slides
but like water running down the trails
so they built a new Trail last summer so
I hadn't seen it before so I thought you
know what today's today's the day to
celebrate the mountains and go see this
new Trail and speaking of
celebrate um I just think that as
Runners like keep celebrating your
little victories
big and small in training and racing
foam rolling and
Recovery uh not pring not getting fkt
celebrate it still because guess what
you're putting yourself out there and
today I will confirm I believe we got it
I'll confirm once we get back to the
house uh but I believe we snagged the
new one on the new Trail but it's like
don't hesitate like this gift that we we
have as Runners to celebrate those
little victories no matter what you're
chasing down no matter what you're
training for whether it's the track
whether it's the road whether it's the
Ultras whether it's the mountains uh
because it is bizarre it's uh I had my
20th High School reunion last weekend in
BV and basically everybody came up to me
and made the joke like did you run here
Seth and it's like I love the fact that
that's the first thing they asked me
when I go up to give him a big hug cuz I
haven't seen him in 15 20 years and you
know they made the J did you run up from
Denver uh but no I did not uh I drove
but anyway it's like celebrate those
little moments in your journey as a
runner so that's what like when I go run
fast in the mountains yes yes it's kind
of it's fun to chase down times but more
importantly it's it's a celebration of
life and the fact that these old Billy
Goat legs can still do this because time
waits for no man as you well know so
anyway when was the last time question
of day what was the last time you had a
little celebration for something
connected to your running I hope it was
recent all right cuz we got to do it
more often cuz Life's Too Short we got
to celebrate these little things onward
we go loow five Vibes on the way out see
you guys
on another Mountain very very soon we'll
toss it to the Mountain Run and playlist
everybody all right see beauty work
hard love each other

---

# Racing in Europe Next + US Skyrunning Group Run Announcement

here we go here we go here we go all
right update Vlog we're racing again
it's so exciting we're going back to
Europe I got three events to talk to you
about and it's been since reram all
right over two years ago since I was
able to lace it up get to a starting
line in Europe all right so we'll get to
uh Italy Northern Italy here in a minute
but first three events we're going to
talk about here we go um man well first
of all as you know the Olympics are
kicking off very soon but a another
Global world event in the specifically
in the running world is going to go down
September 6th through the eth in soraa
Spain all right so here in about five or
six weeks in soraa Spain September 6th
through the 8th 2024 the United States
is sending a sky running team men and
women to Spain to compete on a global
scale all right against the best
Mountain some of the best Mountain
runners in the world like we're talking
serious Mountain running you know Sky
running is steep big mountains that's
what it's known for so all right so I
want to put that out there the vertical
the sky Ultra which is 70 km and then
the sky which is 37 km all right so
there's a little more information on
your screen I will not be there all
right I'm not going to be in Spain but
my brother along with the other athletes
men and women from the United States are
going to be flying over for the world
skyr running championships which Le
which leads me to this Thursday July
25th in Boulder Colorado group run I
will be there and my brother at the
lasportiva store in Boulder Colorado
Thursday July 25th at 5:00 p.m. group
run shoe demo from lasportiva and yes a
raffle and fundraiser for the the US Sky
running team that is going to Spain okay
and yes I will link to more information
Down Below in the description if you
would like to help send these athletes
not me send these athletes to Spain for
financial help okay we're talking a kit
all right to be able to afford a kit for
for the team to look good together a kit
food travel um sorry accommodations and
yes covering some of their travel all
right so this event in Boulder is to
help raise funds for these athletes all
right so it would be amazing if you'd be
able to come out to the group run and
and pitching if you if you can do $5
great if you can do $500 that's great so
they are trying to raise a good chunk of
change in order to uh have a a team
there that has a kit and is uh is ready
to rock and roll through the mountains
of Spain all right so again there's the
information lasportiva retail store 2100
Broadway in Boulder Colorado I will be
there it's in like you know 48 hours
from now roughly as of the uh as of this
recording and last but not least least
uh the last event is in Northern Italy I
will be racing and my brother will be
racing one week before Spain okay so let
me again let me just make sure August
31st Saturday vertical kilometer in
Casto Casto I'm just going to say Casto
Italy c a s t o Italy all right small
small place I'll be doing the vertical K
on Saturday and then the 21 K on Sunday
so a half marathon Mountain race on
Sunday uh both races in CA stto Casto
Casto uh Italy in Northern Italy so we
already have our plane tickets my
brother and I we will be there uh we are
ready to rock and roll and so the the
the vertical K Saturday the the 21k on
Sunday did I get it all oh my goodness I
know that was a lot of dates again uh us
Sky running team is heading I'm going to
link to their fundraising page down
below and it's just going to be so great
to see these athletes competing with the
best Mountain runners in the world I
will not be in Spain I have to I got to
get back I got to get back but uh my
brother along with I don't I think it's
about 15 athletes roughly men and women
sound good and yes if you could RSVP to
the group run in Boulder I I will uh
link down below
uh to that as well okay I'm going to
stop there question of the day um
who is like who is I don't know who's
excited about Mountain running all right
like you are curious you're eager you're
like what is all of this mountain
running that Seth is doing on the
channel right now who's curious who want
you know maybe you're in college and
you're like you know what I loved cross
country but I'm looking for something
else I don't know you just let me know
down in the comments that's the question
or maybe it's just like I'm just curious
about this Sky running championship team
like what is that all about so I'll stop
there all right I think that's it we'll
toss it to of course the mountain
running playlist right there all right
seek Beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# FKT Attempt: DeMoors Chase Down Colorado's Highest Peak (south side)

[Music]
J
back to the High Country back to
beautiful Leadville Colorado 10,000 ft
above sea level come on let's go get it
Elbert but the South Trail head so I was
one of the older ones in my grade in
high school and so I got my license
first and that meant you know a lot of
shuttling around the friends but it also
meant I could you know rally the troops
to go go climb some Mountain mountain in
high school so I haven't been back to
the South Trail head so Elbert is the
tallest mountain in Colorado and plenty
of fkt attempts you've seen it on the
channel I'll try and link to remember to
link to some of those attempts and I
I've filmed them in in the past but I
haven't ever tried an fkt or going fast
on the south from the south trail head
so that's where we're going today and
it's been 20 plus years since I've been
there so we're going to go give it a go
uh hopefully track down Joseph in the
process find him and just seek a little
beauty along the way hope you're doing
well out there Mountain running season
is in full swing although I got to say
there's a decent amount of snow still
straight ahead on Mount massive and
we're not doing massive today but
hopefully we don't hit too much snow on
Elbert I don't think we will but there's
definitely you know there's a chance
some of that snow up on Massa will melt
this year which is intriguing so Seize
the Day come on now turn that door knob
butter that bread all the good stuff
today here in the High Country oh man
all right there's rock and roll
L back up Center seems like he's a
upgrade Dario
[Music]
modif
[Music]
yeah that's that's
true that's
true okay ready ready
[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
let's
go
man
[Music]
I let you bring us home I got like a
mile and a half and like 1,700 ft
roughly yeah I
could I bet with a th000 ft to go we
could make a
push I I'll tell you we're like 12 7
[Music]
PA
that's
[Music]
good most 14ers are
about
14,000 that last 400 ft you feel
it looking good out
there there's the
plada oh my goodness that was good man
I'm at 75 yeah did you get a picture
yeah that' be cool
[Music]
PA
[Music]
[Music]
it was delicious oh let's move back yeah
oh hey YouTube I love you Mom I love you
Michael I got that okay we're going
we're going fing yeah she's fing don't
you love that Dom head
count roll call Seth and we got an fkt
today
go so after the park after the park
andies
andies let's
go after the park so we're going to you
got to eat dinner and then we're going
to go get uh andies that's fair that's
fair all right the tallest mountain in
Colorado really let go what what second
not Albert
Albert I'm I'm jumping that oh yeah
let's go let's go come on come on
everybody clap your
hands
um let's go
[Music]
we love
you 3 two one go
and let's go let's
go nailing it okay two one
go it's a race it's a race it's a
race I don't know who that nice one more
good
[Music]
job nice here we go all right on the
count of three ready one two
three CU works hard and love each
other let's go let's go let's go let's
go my shoe off put me to bed

---

# Race Breakdown: Going Vertical at the US Mountain Running Champs (Snowbird Cirque Series)

[Music]
and we're back from the cir series come
on everybody the US Mountain running
championships
2024 and that was some footage from the
starting area starting line really just
a beautiful beautiful setting you can't
beat it out there in it just really
quite steep mountains and today actually
yesterday in case you missed it upper
right hand corner we published the full
Vlog so it's a long one get your popcorn
out and sit down and enjoy that I'll
link to it down below in upper right
hand corner in case you missed the Vlog
yesterday but I did promise that I
wanted to break down the race for all of
you so that's what we're going to do
right here right now but QD uh what is
your next race all right what are you
what are you shooting for what are you
training for I know a lot of it's crazy
a lot of people already ramping up for
their fall marathons uh building their
volume so it's uh it's exciting but what
is your next race the distance the
surface and um and the location all
right I knew in my mind I knew it was
going to be a cross country feel but in
a mountain setting so fast off the start
too fast for me like these guys were
moving and I was like you know what I H
my legs first of all okay here's the bib
number from Leadville all right bib
number from Kendall Mountain bib number
from Snowbird so three weekends in a row
I don't do that but again we're just
coming back to this racing thing and it
was fun to do three weekends back to
back to back I'm not doing I'm not
racing this weekend uh but 15 miles 12
mil 8 Miles that's one of the reasons I
knew it would be fast out of the start
and you actually don't do that and I've
talked about this many many times over
the last five or six years here on this
channel you build your racing distance
so you go if you're getting ready for a
marathon you do a 10 mile or maybe half
marathon tuneup race uh if you're
getting ready for a 10K you do 3ks and
5Ks I'm thinking more like track 10K you
do 3ks and five even 1500s before kind
of building your leg speed getting ready
for that test so this was the opposite
of what you should do but guess what
that's how the cookie crumbled in 2024
for me for Mountain racing so it was a
stacked field USA Mountain running
championships I knew there was going to
be some guys there that were quite a bit
younger and yes faster than me
especially at that distance but patience
all right I I showed it yesterday but
again going from I was at about 15th
16th Place at about the half mile Mark
and moving your way up oh that's the
other thing thing it was toasty all
right I'm not a not a big like heat
Runner I don't you know here in Colorado
our temperatures are pretty pretty tame
pretty mild in the summertime even and
we don't get any humidity now there was
no humidity in Snowbird but it was warm
and you felt it out there uh sometimes I
go right through the aid stations I did
not go through the aid stations
especially for an 8 mile race like
that's not very far from me and but
today or on that on race day I had to
stop and get water so thank you to all
the volunteers out there at the Circ
race uh but I just start picking them
off and I knew I would pick off many I
didn't know how many uh because I just I
just know what altitude does so the race
started should have mentioned this at
the beginning the race started at 8,000
ft and tops out I think at about
11,200 roughly I I'll try and put it on
the screen um so there you go so I Knew
by the top there would be a little bit
of Carnage especially with the heat so
we're passing it's beautiful uh a Circ
is a rock formation on a mountain so
that's why it's called the cir Series so
all of the races in this series which
I'd recommend you go check out if you're
looking for shorter faster steeper
Mountain racing all right that's and so
that's what a Circ is c i r q e so we're
going we're going Mile Three Mile 4 but
by mile about um I was going to say
about mile 4 and A2 I'm I don't not
exactly in my head where we were on the
mountain but I'm move I've moved up to
about seventh place and I can see fifth
place ahead of me all right so we're
topping off and thanks to everybody out
all the photographers out there taking
great pictures amazing so we top off and
You Begin The Descent and it's steep
and it's dangerous and a runner did fall
this past weekend and it was it was bad
uh you just you know I'm 39 and I'm not
an expert at downhill running but I do
have a decent amount of confidence going
fast on technical downhill and
especially when my legs are really fresh
and so I felt it I was like okay I feel
conf even though this is gnarly and you
can see it on your screen like it's it's
no joking and the biggest thing I'm
thinking obviously I want to get home to
the family safely but you just like if
you do fall out there everyone just
please please like your arms they will
heal but your head just try to protect
your head out there um if you're doing
some of these races I'm not joking about
that so um by about mile five so three
miles to go sure enough I catched uh I
caught uh cam Cam's a great Mountain
Runner who beat me the week before at
Kendall mountains so I managed to catch
up to cam and uh and and then you really
begin the Steep downhill at some point
you we're sent off course uh through
this rock Bower Field there's some snow
it it's just gnarly it's fun but again
you just got to be aware of your
surroundings as you're going through
these settings uh so you're breathing
you're working you're at 11,000 ft and
then you end through a tunnel you go
through a tunnel and then it's a a
Sprint to the finish uh like literally
it's 2 miles to go and it it is a combin
of service road and Trail uh and sure
enough thanks to straa I'm looking at it
right now and certain segments on the I
pr it's amazing I pr now five years ago
I won this race that was the last time I
was there and I was in first place by
quite a bit so I don't think I was
pushing as hard on the downhill and so I
actually PR many of the segments on the
downhill in Snowbird so that kind of
feels good like
didn't uh you know didn't get the win so
I was in fifth on top and ended up in
seventh all right um I would have loved
to get you know Podium top three top
five is kind of nice seven so two guys
fast I mean they did kind of they blew
by me I mean they were just fast um I
held one of one of them off for about a
mile but sure enough he caught me and
then another guy caught me with about a
mile to you know half mile to a mile to
go so ended up in seventh uh but for the
third weekend in a row of racing it uh I
feel like it was a good effort and now
it's like back to training I know I'm
not in like my Peak Fitness right now
summer is still like it's not early but
it's it's you know we're not there yet
we haven't been up in the 14ers as much
in this in June and July as as you know
I might typically have so it's coming
it's coming it's going to be another two
to three weeks before we're really ready
to rock and roll for some races in
August Italy Italy italan yeah I'm
coming for you more details on that very
soon that will probably be my next race
is over in Italy late August and then of
course Pikes Peak in September so the
racing is back it's fun to get some get
some bib numbers back on the uh singlet
and let it rip that's a brief Rec recap
I could go on and on and on no Falls uh
I felt strong on the uphill but not like
epic again the legs just didn't have the
pop you know Mountain Run like when when
you have the pop you got the pop and
literally like you just kind of prance
up the mountain that was not the case
like I was kind of digging just to get
to the top um and that's okay that's
part of racing and part of the whole
experience I'm going to stop there
thanks for watching Love You all can't
wait to read your comments what's your
next race and keep buttering that bread
I'm actually plotting out more of my uh
summer 2024 fkt and racing as we speak
it's happening and we do it we're doing
it all right keep going everyone we'll
of course toss it to the race Vlog from
uh this past weekend right there all
right see beauty work card and love each
other

---

# The Mountain Don't Care How Old You Are: 39 at the Cirque Series & US Mountain Champs: Snowbird UT

[Music]
hi kid I'll see you after Utah can you
say Papa's GNA go Papa's going to
go
[Music]
got summer 2024 let it roll
it
rip so
cute all right chow chow
[Music]
everybody third race in 3 weeks oh Nelly
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
uh what was that
deore and you know what I don't need
these uh pins so I'll give them back to
you because I have other I have other
pins there we go we got it
it's going to be so fast oh boy oh boy
here we go get the college legs going
race day race
day everybody get
ready man I know I don't have like a you
know close close connection with
everybody that hops on this thing called
YouTube and watches this channel but
there it's it's spe I got to say it's
very special to be able to share these
moments with all of you that do watch
and who just have been patient with me
for 18 months I haven't been racing much
for 18 months again because of life and
we're back we're back we're actually
racing in our own running singlet in our
own hats it's just it's a it blows my
mind that we're back to it this was the
uh this was the goal this was the vision
for months and months and months and so
to be able to share it with all of you
once again for the third weekend in a
row in Snowbird Utah all right for the
Circ series there's the there's the bib
put that on last night and I actually
have a bib on the back as well because
it is is it is the USA Mountain running
Championship so we're ready to rock and
roll and I just uh I just got to say
let's do this together all right
whatever race you're out there doing I'm
going to ask it again who raced this
past weekend all right question of the
day what uh what was the distance what
was the surface and it's not all about
racing trust me you guys know me like I
like uh I like is in this cup funny in
the uh hotel room it's got a it's got a
mustache we're moving onward and upward
keep fighting keep working keep
believing in yourself all right no
matter what you're going through it's
just been a solid I think it's been 18
months since since I've been
consistently racing all right let's roll
come
on
hey good Lu to thank you appreciate
oh yeah nice got the
cowbell 3 2 1
[Music]
w
[Music]
w
[Music]
excuse
me nice to
[Music]
[Music]
that's 48 minutes to the
top you got this
[Applause]
let's go
[Applause]
K on
all
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
right here
no no
behind
down the road down the road
[Music]
the that cool yeah yeah that's right
[Music]
there than thank
you ice on my head feels real good wow
that was hot what's
up is it my
Mike hey it's Mike nice job we we
finally
meet good job oh dude that was not bad
not bad it was a doozy when you race
three weeks in a row I know right
exactly we'll take
it
that get the W good job I'm Joseph
deora's brother oh are you set yeah I'm
set
[Music]
what what's your name my name's Jeff
Jeff dude you can find me extreme M on
Instagram XT r m okay I'll look you up
I'll dude I am just blown away you need
to you need to read about my lead Bell
story last year oh Hound you you did the
[Music]
100 that looks awesome there we go yeah
team effort right there go ahead go
ahead take this moment go ahead every
all you girls get up there go ahead go
ahead why not all you get up there why
not have fun one more time two more
ladies get up there get up there you're
like dude I'm tired of walking up things
today that looks
[Music]
great unreal that's insane too and for
snowbird too to repeat it Snowbird is a
true true accomplishment
and that's a wrap from Snowbird so good
we're going to do a breakdown video of
this race because I think I think I
don't know yet I got a lot of good
footage and it just played out very
interestingly and so I want to break it
down for you not right now I got to hit
the road time to get back to those
babies back to Denver I'm going to catch
an airplane and bottom line is if is fun
energy at Circ races it's uh
shorter
steeper and fun all right so if you're
looking for that type of racing remember
I think I mentioned this um I mentioned
this three or 4 days ago if you have not
found your niche in the racing world and
you're just like man I don't know like I
don't enjoy uh one M races around a
track or I don't enjoy 50k races in the
mountains
or I enjoy running 100 miles around a
track the key is that you just keep
exploring because this is uni actually
Julian the founder of this race uh he
just told his story like why he started
the cir series and it was because when
he was getting into trail running you
know 14 years ago he couldn't find any
races that were shorter steeper races
and he so he made it he just made it out
of out of nothing the cir Series so it's
Absolut I think there's six or seven of
them uh great energy great meeting all
the vendors uh great companies I'll give
some shout outs throughout the video and
oh man at the end of the day it feels
good to be back in some air conditioning
cuz it was toasty out um there's the
first place guy he's uh he's a college
guy I think or something he's young oh
my goodness Good Times so I hope you
enjoyed that if you I don't say this too
often but if you enjoyed the race
footage you know share this video spread
it around Facebook Instagram Twitter I
would appreciate it and it helps out
Circ as well I didn't expect actually to
get a uh a medal I guess because it's a
us it's it was the USA Track and Field
Trail championships that's why like top
10 get a medal I thought only the top
three so that was kind of cool uh
appreciate your usatf throwing down in
Snowbird Utah seeking Beauty out there
onward and upward I am not at least I
don't think so no I don't believe I'm
racing next weekend I think it's time to
get back to training everybody all right
we'll toss it to the last Snowbird race
where we flew the w 5 years ago all
right seek Beauty work hard and love
each other there

---

# Racing AGAIN Saturday & Testing New Threads Running Gear Haul

I frankly don't have much business
racing this weekend I I really don't if
you been watching for six seven eight
years on this YouTube channel you know
that I never race I mean rarely do I go
backto back weekends I don't know if
I've ever done backto back to back
Leadville
Silverton
Snowbird all right we're going to Utah
see you in Utah it's the US Mountain
running championships and here's the
other business it's 8 miles total that's
the total length of this 8. like five I
think with about 3800 vertical feet
roughly I'll try and get some more
information on the screen bottom line
we're going up against the Young Guns
people that are 10 12 15 I don't think
we're quite at 20 years younger than me
but at least 10 to 15 years younger but
we're going to go mix it up we're going
to go have fun as true love said last
week to me she said you know what let's
just you know it was it was a hard six
months earlier in
2024 just go have fun Seth isn't that
amazing like your spouse your wife said
just like you missed 6 months of racing
go have fun go let it rip even if your
legs are tired from Silverton and yes
they and they're very sore right now as
I'm driving back up to the mountains for
one more high altitude stint okay one
more little scraping of the sky before
we go out to Utah I'm not going to go
very far today I'm going to try to rest
the legs as much as possible bottom line
I'll see you in Snowbird come say hello
it's going to be I've actually raced I
raced a 50k there again four five I'm
losing track of time 6 years ago I don't
remember it was probably 2019
roughly if I can find some footage I'll
put it on the screen so I'm very excited
to go back and shout out to the Circ
series hosting this event we're going to
just do our best have fun in the process
and I hope you are you know I'm always
saying it but like dig into that if you
don't enjoy your racing find a different
distance find a different surface find a
different location there's so many ways
that Runners like for me it sounds like
I don't want to say horrible but it
doesn't sound fun to race around a track
let's say you know five out of seven
races a year but some people love the
oval that's what they're passionate
about is racing around the oval it's
just not me anyway I digress um we're
going to see what business we can uh we
can muster on the the Steep vertical
gain of snowbird so oh onward and upward
and yes question of the day gear what is
what was your most recent running gear
purchase that wasn't running shoes all
right what was it explain why you you
purchased it is it working out for you
did you have to send it back and uh so
we got we got boxes we're going to open
these up right about now it's snowing on
top flurries the light snow but I have I
think that's the latest I've ever seen
snow up on a 14er in the summertime
that's that was pretty cool to have snow
in July um all right gear companies
thank you oh yeah everybody come on now
let's pack out our trash from the 14ers
uh whoever whoever left that up there I
appreciate the elevation uh information
but got pack out that trash up on those
14ers all right here we go um as you
know as we do R&D research and
development for our gear uh my my P my
switch that's right the battery died up
on the mountain so I I got to finish
here in the shudio so as I was saying uh
up there sorry about that sometimes
these things happen uh R&D as we develop
our own gear I've made the distinct and
you've seen it here on the YouTube A
distinct shift and it's intentional very
intentional where I'm not I used to
review how many running shoes a week two
three three pairs a week now it's maybe
two a quarter and that's intentional
because of time I just don't have the
time to invest in the in the research
for as6 New Balance Hoka all everything
that goes into a running you know the
shots the Drone shots for the running
shoe reviews and now I'm actually crazy
enough I love running shoes I know many
of you love running shoes keep testing
keep pursuing it and I'll continue to do
running shoes sparingly here on the
channel but at the end of the day I'm
more excited about uh clothing about
outerwear about what we wear as Runners
because um that's what I'm doing I'm
actually developing our own running gear
these are our socks love these socks
deor store.com in case you need to pick
a pair up I've raced in these socks the
last two weekends and I love them um
this even this uh long sleeve right here
this is all part of the research as I
test different materials so up on the
mountain today thank you to Nathan to
Mont sleep to Solomon to norona uh to R
Rie to Adidas for sending this gear to
me but I'm not it's not at the top of of
my priority list with respect to testing
um every shoe Under the Sun or every
piece of outerwear under the sun because
there's just not enough time as I invest
in our own gear right here in the right
here in the basement right here in the
shudio so that's the that's the update
thank you Nathan for the for the gear
I'll keep testing it but it's um it's
just a it's a shift and it's a good
shift and I look forward to reading your
comments Down Below in the question from
the question of the day with respect to
what are you buying what are you
purchasing uh why are you purchasing
that piece of running gear and it's fun
it's fun to to back up from so many shoe
reviews so much Gear reviews and it's
it's good though like I'll keep testing
and Nathan thank you love Nathan on Mont
sleep just so everybody knows is a I'm
as I've been talking on the channel for
years and years about the importance of
sleep as Runners and so this is a face
mask that helps keep the light out and
I've been wearing this for um they've
sent me one a year ago and actually over
a year ago I because I wore it all last
summer every single night and you just
put it on and basically it just block O
oh my goodness it just H so anyway thank
you mon sleep m n ta RI uh or sorry reii
is out of Poland a recovery Gear Company
this is a jump rope this is a u a stick
or a foam roller and then norona is a
new company that I've never tested and
again this is all part of my research
like as I so okay I actually already
wore this because I'm recording this the
next day this is made in Vietnam but
it's based out in Norway so for me in my
brain what I'm doing is I'm like huh how
are they constructing this this long
sleeve out of Viet let me just make sure
Vietnam yes made in Vietnam designed and
developed in Norway so narona I've never
worn their gear before it looks like a
viking is their logo very cool and but
Solomon on the other hand is a t-shirt
this is a t-shirt obviously here um and
it's made in uh Tunisia but obviously uh
designed Solomon you know in France is
where they're based out of so anyway
it's just all part of the process as we
invest in our gear and so thank you
companies I will put all this through
the paces and so now I just have more
time to put it through the paces and
give you my thoughts eventually is the
key word here all right I love you
onward and upward oh deor store.com we
are running a little low on some items
but if you do want you know sing like
singlets we are pretty low on singlets
but hats uh bottles uh socks we got all
that so onward and upward we will toss
it to um we'll toss it to I don't know
some sort of gear review video I don't
even know which one but some sort of
gear review right there all right see
beauty work hard and love each other

---

# Racing up a 13,000-foot Mountain: Kendall with No Spills?!?

I don't I don't think so but isn't that
working here he is oh hi Papa Boom I'll
see you guys after the race okay I love
you hope you win I got another we're
going to Silverton I love you good job
doing your math facts in the summer
crushing
it I'm going to miss you that it's dirt
I call cup of dirt oh H have fun with
caters I love you I love you good luck
you're going to amaz Dr you're the best
in up Mazie I love I
will
squeeze and we're off the mountains are
calling we must
[Music]
go I want to wonder
out of the
valley where the wheer takes far away
from
home
time in the fields around me well
there's nothing but the breeze in the
greater
[Music]
no what an epic road trip I'm staring
out the windshield right now at Kendall
Mountain let's go
starting at about 9,000 ft topping out
at 13,000 ft but before we dive into the
race uh big shout out to well just
imagine being a runner a Road Runner a
road marathon runner in the' 60s 7s '
80s you were a little strange let's just
call a spade a spade you know you were
different if you were a runner back then
you uh wore short shorts people stared
at you like what is this person doing
running for fun well then imagine being
a trailer runner in the 60s 7s and 80s
so I got to give deference and a shout
out to my dad and all the trail Runners
of the 60s 7s and 80s for literally
blazing the trail for races like this
the Kendall Mountain Run all right in
Silverton Colorado uh another iconic
race in this area is the imagene pass
run so we're talking 40 years 50 years
of racing up and down this mountain
pretty epic I can't wait to see uh see
what it's like up there this year and
again it's uh 6 mil up 6 mil down the
last time I was here was 2020 and so you
better believe I'll be throwing it to uh
that race Vlog at the end of this video
oh my goodness it's just like good to be
back in the saddle racing again get even
though I raced last weekend so we'll see
how the legs uh can deal with the uh the
Leadville uh so Leadville is interesting
Leadville started at 10,000
and topped out at 13,000 so this one uh
this race actually Silverton I'm passing
the sign right now is
9,300 uh ft above sea level so it's
definitely it's up there but not quite
as high as lead Bill Let's Go epicness
I'm going to go Cruise the cruise the
loop in Silverton and as you can guess
Silverton is a uh old silver mining town
this is where the uh the old mining used
to happen and um man it's just uh it's
going to be fun to see everybody all the
dgr runners in the southwest corner of
Colorado we're back we're racing let's
let it rip and I'm going to go pick up
the bib number that's always nice to be
able to arrive early enough to get the
bib number ahead of time so we'll get
our bib number eat some angel hair pasta
tonight and then uh call it it's an
early race start 7:00 so you know no
messing around as far as falling asleep
and going to bed but okay all right here
we
go going to move the old truck down to
the finish line
good always have the Necessities after
the race close by if you know what I
mean good
morning slept like a baby in a little uh
little little wman hotel love this this
is a great spot in case you ever come
down and uh let's rock and roll I talked
to the person checking me in yesterday
got the bib number it's on that's always
good you always want before you leave
your hotel tip of the day check for that
bib number uh but I asked to how many
Runners and because the last time Joseph
Barton and I were here was during Co we
had to start like we had to start with
masks on and stand like 6 to 8 feet
apart it was crazy at the start line uh
so we're back to normaly and she said
300 I was like wow this is that's a lot
I mean I think I think there was I don't
know I want to say like 50 Runners last
time I was here so we're back let's go
get the uh get the warmup on get the
racing shoes on and then uh let it rip
through the uh the the hills of the San
Juans all right these are the San Juan
mountains down here in Southwest
Colorado they call it the uh they call
it the Little Switzerland cuz uh it is
it is pretty amazing the uh the hills
are just a little steeper a little like
right up on top of these towns here
these old mining towns all right butter
the bread e and let's get a temperature
check W yes I like it
38° with no sunshine yet all right so
that's that's perfect cuz when the Sun
hits it'll jump up to 45 pretty quickly
so okay finish line finish line here we
go
9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
[Music]
h
a
[Applause]
there
on the ridge line well done
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
good job man
[Music]
my 1 minute 20 seconds
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
there you
go job buddy great work great job oh how
was that
okay nice job thank you never met you
but I know who you are thank you man
go good work you guys have a fight fight
on your I mean I didn't I knew he was
behind me but I didn't know he was that
close yeah that's awesome you know I
mean he he was uh I bet he gained ground
on Me on the downhill maybe yeah it's
scary like if you fall in there dude I
fell four years ago what's up good
work nice work man you were like out of
wow I think you on Me on the way down
man well I did it first not when it
flattened
yeah I'm com I'm
coming congs you welcome thank y'all all
right we're going to do video 3 two one
yeah and then a single shot here go
two one pain pain yes congratulations
job guys
sweet way to go solid Legends
[Music]
Legends uh from the Front Range that's
right right how many times have you done
Kendall oh uh probably five times five
times go back and look good work that's
awesome I love it great job great job
finish
finish nice work
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
saying goodbye to the High Country
seeing maybe see you next year Silverton
we shall see epic day amazing day for a
lot of different reasons um I did not
run as well as maybe I had hoped but
guess what uh well first of all no Andes
that's right so for those that don't
know for if you're new to the channel I
get Andes Frozen Custard when I win a
race get a PR or get an fkt I bring
andies to the house for the whole family
to enjoy it's a fun family tradition
that we've been doing for probably 5
years now and so when I have to break
the news that I got second place and I
did not win I did not PR the course
today in fact I was about I think 3 or 4
minutes slower than four years ago we'll
talk more about that in a second but
that's part of the point I want to teach
my kids especially the older boys Joseph
and Seth they're old enough now to
realize like life isn't always going to
be a winning proposition there's going
to be challenges there's going to be
moments where you don't hit your PR
where you got to go back to the you know
to the training and see what you can do
the next time so uh cam who today
congrats Cam he's an amazing Runner and
Noah in third he's also an amazing
Runner and uh so it was fun to mix it up
today with some of the really the some
of the best Mountain runners in Colorado
and so to come in second I feel pretty
good about it considering my legs are
pretty heavy from the Leadville heavy
half marathon you know 7 or eight days
ago and so it was it was really good oh
yeah that's what I wanted to mention
sometimes I am in first place in races
or in your situation sometimes you might
be on track uh or sorry a little behind
track to set a PR on a course that you
love you know you run the same race
every year and you might be like wait a
minute I'm 20 seconds slower than I was
a year ago at Mile 2 in a 5k or whatever
the case may be well keep fighting
because today I was in fourth place for
a good chunk of the race probably about
5 miles up and then I caught third place
and then eventually second place and
that was fun and I did it last year
actually at the Pikes Peak Ascent as
well where yeah trust me would I prefer
to be in first place absolutely but
sometimes you got to fight and you're
not always going to be in first play you
got to fight for every single place and
so to move up from fourth place to
second place it was just that was that
was good and I caught second place on
the downhill you guys know me I'm not a
fat I'm not a fast fast downhill Runner
like it's not it's just not my cup of
tea but man I was able to catch second
place and that felt good like okay I
still got it I can still turn the legs
over at 39 These Guys these guys are
young pups they're young whipper
snappers that I'm racing but I'm trying
to hang with them and uh so far so good
so anyway that was a that's a little
brief recap of the race Kendall Mountain
12 miles uh didn't run as fast as four
years ago and the legs just they were a
little heavy there were no joke that's
why the the Lille heavy half definitely
uh stuck around this time so I love you
question of the day who raced this past
weekend what did you do what was the
distance what was the surface tell us
your your triumphs but also your
challenges okay again again it's not all
about just you know nailing it every
time you're not going to win every
you're not going to win your age group
you're not going to PR every race but
you keep coming back and you keep coming
back that's what it's all about at least
in my in my book so onward and upward uh
I do have an announcement for yes
another race very very soon stay tuned
for that uh it's going down in uh I'll
just say a state that's neighboring
Colorado very very soon all right we'll
toss it to the Kendall Mountain race
from 4 years ago all right oh man so so
good boys we'll get andies again don't
you worry seek Beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# When the Mountain Wins the Day: Windiest FKT Ever

[Applause]
we'll see how these legs hold up today
little tired little tired
after after uh after a lot after
Leadville oh man 4th of July trail head
a little angry so I think I got to wear
my
jacket Storm's blowing through
let's give it a go legs are tired but
time waits for no man the sun is coming
out the rain has stopped let's see what
this uh is all about there's the trail
all right onward and upward butter the
bread
ow ow
ow yeah a
you can't see much
today let's get off this mountain oh
baby I think I think we got it but the
bread keep dreaming keep fighting we got
to go
down it's just so windy I'm glad I
brought my
jacket okay time to
focus whoa
okay
okay okay
the clouds just broke that is awesome
ah
Sunshine let there be light
that was
good oh I'm tired now
though well that was interesting
probably the
gnarliest fkt attempt maybe of my entire
life with respect to especially the
weather today that was fun but oh man H
I don't know felt like 50 m hour winds
on top and I actually say fkt attempt
because I I don't have cell service here
right now and I'm not positive that that
was the top of the mountain I
I think it was but it was so foggy on
top I couldn't see anything uh so
hopefully that was the top hopefully we
got it that was South Arapaho Peak I
believe is the name of it anyway that
was fun epic oh my goodness let's just
say I'm glad I'm out of the wind and uh
time to go recover time to go rehydrate
oh my goodness what a day uh I feel like
I was going to share something else
about it but it just was uh it just
gnarly is the only word I can think of
um I didn't fall on the way down so that
was good and oh my oh yeah and a lot of
water and snow uh on the way up and down
and so my feet were soaked at about the
2 Mile mark and it was 8 mil round trip
4 mil to the top I started at 10,000 ft
and you stop at
13,300 FT so 3,300 ft of vertical gain
oh my oh that's what I was going to tell
you I'll end with this two years ago
well almost like yeah almost two years
ago I I came up here that's the last
time I was here Fourth of July trail
head and I was uh I was walking remember
I was coming back from the sacrum sacrum
stress fracture in my lower back and but
I I I could I could walk again I wasn't
on crutches and I wanted to start to
build my leg strength back and so I came
up here and I walked about 2 miles up
and 2 miles down and it's just it's just
like keep going keep going I I believe I
got an fkt today and two years ago I was
hobbling if I can find some footage of
me hobbling on the trail I'll put it on
the screen so don't don't give up even
if you have an injury you will come back
even if you're struggling you will come
back all right so it's like that's
almost 2 years ago and here we we are
claiming claiming crowns baby all right
we'll toss it to the mountain running
playlist right there oh butter butter
butter oh my goodness I'm tired all
right see beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# DeMoor FAMILY WINS LEADVILLE Heavy Half Marathon

oops I know it's always
backwards let's
go24 first
race race day race day but we're not
going to race like a herd of
turtles here we
go whoa
gotcha we got you yeah we got the girls
don't forget the girls now we got it now
we now we're
rolling
anywhere it's up to you New
York New York h we're
rolling okay I feel the air we're
rolling I feel the I feel the feel the
music
you did a half marathon though I did a
half marathon hunt it's not even a peak
race not a peak race first maybe it's
cuz it's the first one first race in
over six months we got this though it's
going to be fun and just a rustbuster a
rustbuster it's a rustbuster we're not
even going to pray for a rain that's
pray for a rain please up there up there
you need to pray for snow okay
okay we'll roll these up
anywhere it's up to
you thank you boys for uh waking up
early hitting the road with Papa this is
what Papa does every weekend let's go I
mean every
week yeah
okay are you ready turn that down turn
that look at your bow awesome thank you
there he is you're amazing cool have a
great
day okay thank you got the bib number
feeling good at 10,000 ft the
temperatures are perfect not a breath of
wind here it might be windy on top
though you never know families uh
family's cruising cruising Leadville
checking it out I got to go get a warmup
in I just front I don't
know
just parked on and then he said they'll
I'll be able to see where to park and
then we're going to go cool and then
we'll come back down for and we'll see
him pass and
then you're so
cute yeah this is a
GoPro let's go
[Music]
okay don't break their
Windows go Jo Joseph go up and go long
ways like yeah yeah wow
[Music]
nice waa
Michael Henry what do you can get Papa
thumbs up go here I am here I am oh my
gosh those come here headed well maybe
wasn't well no the road is no good okay
to stop it I just hit the record
button you got a friend of your sister's
Marathon
yeah
[Music]
woke start on theous
[Music]
well we're going to cheer him you're
going to go yeah yeah yeah
6
5 4 3 2
[Music]
one got it and off the heavy half is on
the
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
get up get up
hello okay if your arms and face are
covered you don't need to have
s
what's don't forget about
[Music]
Franny guy she was watching he is so
strong he's spray out there he's gonna
[Applause]
[Applause]
water water there's no cups it's okay
quick quick quick quick quick I'm so
sorry okay sorry nice job nice job at
the end I'll get it
Woo is this it hear e anything no
what's your B number I don't know look
look
look
not come to B
he
okay
run her
back yeah
[Music]
look at that smile
[Applause]
go push it push it push
it all right wo
[Applause]
[Music]
hey have a weer has come
through I feel good was the downhills so
long
yeahoo well
congratulations thank you went well uh
the pass was beautiful up top I'll be
back little young and Liber you go
congratulations that boy
Seth's here is here what's up how's it
going good to meet you I'm a little
sweaty uh I like sweaty hug oh my
goodness look at your
[Applause]
arm want to hold
it there you go hi
[Music]
guys good to see you I think like
152 hey I know it's hard okay oh there
there's Ste let's go find bridg yeah mom
is and this is uh
Megan oh yeah you guys went to DAV
Kennedy from Colorado 2417 David Kennedy
with the 2029 category oh man that was
fun was fun that was fun yeah you look
good yeah good way my love I stopped
filming for a yeah what's up
Joseph Barton in the house good to see
you hey good to see you okay just trying
to Joseph Bart was helping
Hiers you've done great you sorry so
proud wait wait faing the wrong way
there we go boom oh that is cool very
cool would you rather US mail it to you
or I can it I can take it
congratulations yeah thank you and then
we'll go get the gift card
try Park and load and unload mom we
found a monster trick and we give it to
I like there's my lover I there's the
winner there's the real
winner nope up here
sorry golden
burrow Don is uhoh is it open okay is
there a
door good job way back good job way back
way back way back I think we'll make
room
yeah okay you got
it ni delicious yeah thanks for cheering
so hard
today crushed it dgr
strong that's a great hat yipp
k a i think we could walk slowly the uh
the Godfathers saves the
godson we we almost left yet got him
back let's go one spot what nail it or
something the real champion of the day
is true love how many times did you get
in and out of this car huh you crushed
it first place first place spectator
first place spectator good job try again
thanks for coming to the race love you
all thanks for cheering and cow Belling
yeah all right needs more cowbell or cow
belt
okay we could give you to
two
[Music]
forever and we're back good job
everybody we did it fly the W from Utah
from Utah Utah fly the W that's a good
start to the year that's a good start to
the getting back in racing come on come
on come on babies 6 months off we we
still got it yeah we do we still got it
still you got it baby somehow yeah oh
I'm not surprised Clover
congratulations I wonder if we should
put
Dess here here come the here comes the
crew
[Music]
[Applause]
can
I no dig in dig
in a w to the
W let's go first race in six months we
got to celebrate oh this is the moment
in case I don't see you we'll toss it to
the uh racing playlist right there oh
yeah let's go a lot of lot of lot of
andies and a lot of butter right there
all right seek Beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# Racing is back on the menu, tomorrow : )

[Music]
the
valley oh the
valley we've hit the valley floor it
feels good to be ascending again both uh
literally and figuratively in
life um get to these in a minute Racing
shoes very exciting yes uh we're 6 weeks
late on the plants they should have been
planted about 6 weeks ago and we're 6
months late to racing in
20124 last race Sacramento California
cim over 6 months ago and that's the
valley we went through a valley as a
family wish I could talk more about it
but can't actually we had a couple
situations pop up this year January and
March but we're ascending again we you
know you you you kind of take a little
tail Dot and maybe for you maybe it's
maybe it's a serious injury right now
maybe you lost your job in the last 6
months maybe you started grad school and
you're like I can run 15 miles a week
and that's it and you haven't been able
to race all right well that's life
that's that's that's you know a slight
descent in training and then you hit the
valley floor eventually you know you
will uh the more you do this running
thing you know you're going to start to
hit the bottom and it's it's a beautiful
thing Valley floors are beautiful but
then you start climbing back up the
other side and it's very very exciting
so I'm racing tomorrow that's right in
about I don't know 18 hours I'll be
Towing the line for a big old rustbuster
at the
Leadville heavy half that's right it's
15.7 mil which is why they call it the
heavy half and um I it's so it starts at
10,000 ft goes up to 13,000 ft and over
and it's so it's an out and back very
excited going to be fun just you know
shake the rust off the legs and there's
other races on tap I'll just say a
couple I'm not going to say all of them
actually well okay I'll tell you all the
ones I'm ready registered for Kendall
Mountain all right down in Silverton
shout out to everyone in Southwest
Colorado uh the next that I'm registered
for it Pikes peaka scent and then uh
crazy Chicago marathon in October so
those are the ones I'm registered for
Chicago marathon Pikes pecent Kendall
mountain and last uh I have two or three
others that are on the radar for this
summer but I'm not I'm not registered
yet I still got to feel some things out
with the family with training with
everything so that's the uh big update
is like it was a six month six-month
Hiatus but we're back everybody
Leadville tomorrow um very excited and
let's see what's in actually question of
the day what is your next race what's
the distance what's the surface what are
you shooting for all right of course I'm
going with a fresh pair of Pulsar threes
for tomorrow there they are uh I like a
nice fresh pair uh of racing shoes on
race day all right flowers are planted
life is returning to a little bit of
normaly that feels good when you know
when the plants go in and the racing is
on the calendar things are looking up so
onward we go uh Mountain racing uh yeah
or actually racing playlist we'll throw
it to it right there oh feels good
everybody oh my goodness all right seek
Beauty work hard and love each other
let's go

---

# Hoka Speedgoat 6 Rough First Impression on a Trail Running Shoe

[Music]
of EC
[Music]
OPP now I
hope I hope I know what's in here it's
all about Hope in this world right no
guarantee come on let me get this open
no guarantee that we've got a trail shoe
inside this box but let's see it's
Deckers my gut is telling me it's a
little bit of a uh mountain goat
situation here but let's just open
this oh there's the sun coming out
that's nice come on old Billy Goat time
a little speed speed goat if I don't
mind if I do come on now there it is
speed goat six sees the day a we've only
got so many sunrises you know what I
mean a nice little 4:30 a.m. wakeup call
and now we're up here in June there's
still a okay amount of snow up here and
it's nice cuz uh it keeps the crowds
away there's you know usually two or 300
cars up here on Mount beer stat this is
just the good old this is the this is
the the beginner 14er but we're oh my my
a little orange yellow
colorway oh Hoka what are we going to do
with you and your colorways actually
question of the day what was the last uh
Hoka that you purchased why that one
some people don't like Hoka which is
fine you know they can run a little
narrow in fact as I'm slipping this
speed goat 6 on it does feel a little
narrow man I remember the speed go one
remember that all it revolutionized that
was uh it was it was red and blue oh I
used that you know well six years ago to
train for Nolan's 14 back in the day
that was my go-to training shoe it was
cool to meet the the real uh speed goat
out in Utah at the speed goat 50k Carl
metler gosh probably probably 6 years
ago I can't even remember when uh when I
did that race what year that was but so
on where we go I'll get you my thoughts
after the uh
big big training day today how these
guys perform I can tell just putting
them on you sometimes you can just feel
these are going to take a little
break-in time you know just a little
time to Loosey loosen up a little Loosey
Goosey action let it marinate on the
feet if if you will all right
[Music]
[Music]
hi there
how's it
[Music]
[Music]
going ARA what's your name I'm Logan
Logan and Julia Julia to see you they W
they W just moved here from St Louis
welcome thank you I appreciate it thanks
for watching nice that's awesome so cool
yeah well enjoy thank you how's the
mountain up there it's good ni not too
much
snow
and it's a tough week everybody it's
actually in theory the toughest training
week of the entire summer so I'm I'm
ahead of schedule compared to last year
but uh let's just say I'm a little tired
oh man goal is 140 for the week I think
I'll hit it with about 12 to 12 to 15
it's a big window because I Square top
is the next goal behind me but uh legs
are tired I'm just saying that much
right now but the speed go sixes uh man
I am you know as you all know I've
transitioned a bit from the uh whole
running shoe review game it's just not
in my long-term life plans and goals you
know but I will still talk about running
shoes 100% here on the YouTube machine
but it's uh it's not at the top of my
priority list there's just more uh I've
realized over time there's more
important things in life for me uh and
in my running especially the joy of
running and just running in shoes that I
want to run in but Hoka I appreciate you
sending these they were pretty stiff
very rough I had to take them off at the
top and literally like try and bend it
in half because my left foot on the way
up um it uh you know when your your arch
gets that basically it cramps and it
really doesn't feel good especially on
uphill uh so anyway I had to take it off
massage the foot out but we'll be okay
we'll um we'll uh we'll keep testing
them and uh get you more thoughts down
the road but so far that I I I haven't
done all the research but the Eva
appears to have gotten maybe a little
stiffer in 2024 for the speed go 6es but
you know again it's just the first run I
just might need to let it might need to
let him marinate a little more under
step all right everybody that was fun
thanks for tuning in onward we go a big
summer of
fktsgi
see beauty work hard and love each other

---

# Running to 14,000 Feet to Recruit Red Blood Cells and All I Got was a Dose of Beauty

make hey when the sun
shines first Descent of the Year
unbelievable I October 2023 and remember
no camera last summer zero zilch took a
break amazing break from the old YouTube
machine but we're back going up to the I
got I got to start on the standard i' I
I was wrestling a little bit with going
somewhere else for the first descent the
first 14er but I was like no no no no no
no no no don't don't don't tempt it you
got to go to gry's and tories and I've
been coming up here every year for the
last last five or six years the first
14er of the season this is where the
vert starts to come into play in a big
big way and let it
[Music]
begin feels real good to be uh a little
lacking in the oxygen Department start
at about 9,000 ft we're at about almost
to 10,000 ft oh you can feel it a little
different than the beaches of Mexico
[Music]
I am baby with my
love I am baby my
love
I
I my
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
red
blood red blood cells red blood
cells trudging we are trudging today but
we'll go get it done about 1,500 ft to
gooo
[Music]
butter the
Bobo we made it sorry it's so windy you
know the drill up here
14,000 100
ft oh man maple syrup it's my new jam in
the Bobo
department just looking
out that's a lot the lot of the fkt
goals are right over there yes
indeed that was hard today was hard we
are uh readapting to 14,000 ft above sea
level but you got to start somewhere
right write your own story everybody
just keep writing it all right going to
get off this mountain go get the
recovery on

---

# 39 and Feeling Fine.... birthday mile tradition

can't do a birthday mile without a cup
of joe better believe it one thing's for
certain as we progress in years got to
get a good warmup in for today's attempt
oh man side the legs don't warm up quite
like they used to 20 years ago all right
let's roll
why the birthday mile uh let me just
take a quick drink got a got a nice warm
up 3 and a half miles in still going to
do some strides here keep the legs uh
rolling now you know me for for my speed
training I go run up mountains as fast
as possible that's my speed training so
for you at a possible birthday mile so
what is it you every birthday whenever
your birthday is out there happy
birthday uh you go run a mile as fast as
you can yeah it's a PR attempt but but
depending on where you are at in life
it's it's likely not but it might be a
lifetime mile PR attempt for me today
it's not definitely not a lifetime PR
attempt but later in life as you
progress uh you can have these
benchmarks and so me today I believe
three years ago so listen every year
throws curveballs 2024 definitely threw
our family a curveball but like last
year I was unable to do it 2 years ago
uh I was injured so it's not like you
you might not be able to pull it off
every year that's F but guess what you
can always come back to the well make it
hurt a little bit here on the track and
so that's what we're doing today uh in
spikes oh boy see how the legs feel
tomorrow after that but it's so 448
that's what I'm going for that's my
birthday mile PR from again I think it
was three Honestly though the years tend
to roll together may have been four
years ago at this point uh so I am 39
officially now so 39 and we'll see if
we're feeling fine after after this o
little Spike action feels good not doing
any socks today uh for the for the
birthday mile good times and so anyway
that's what the birthday mile is that's
why we uh it's just a little it's a
little and listen you might run your
birthday Mile in 12 minutes and 32
seconds and I hope and pray the next
year you run it in 12 minutes and 31
seconds it's just a little let's go a
little bit more let's go one more let's
see if we can go just a little bit
faster even though we are progressing up
in age actually question of the day who
has done a birthday Mile in the last uh
let's say the last two years okay cuz
again you may not be able to get it
every single year sound
good
39 and feeling fine everybody all right
grilling it up getting it going oh so
good can't wait to Feast with a family
and as we get older you guys know like
it's all about priorities you
know I love running I love racing I love
fkt I love the birthday mile I really do
I didn't hit the goal close but like
even though I didn't hit the goal I'll
tell you the time here in a second even
though I didn't hit the goal it's it's
you as we get older you know definitely
from my 20s you know a decade ago it's
you you you realize what's the mo every
year you realize what's most important
here on this Earth the home the kids
taking care of the kids playing with the
kids wrestling with the kids um just
making memories with them and forming
them you know instilling hopefully a
little bit of work ethic a little bit of
virtue into them and that's that's all
that matters more than Yes W you know
winning races or chasing down PRS or
whatever the case may be so even so 448
was the goal ended up with 451 all right
451 is what the watch said when I
crossed so I'm actually pretty pleased
with that I wanted to break 448 so guess
what though 365 days from now you better
believe I'm going to try again to break
44 yeah yeah absolutely especially I'll
be a masters next year I'm actually kind
of excited about the 40s I don't know
about you but it's a whole another
classification in the Running World to
be a masters and oh but at the end of
the day memories like grilling like
eating dinners that's all that matters
here on this
Earth happy
[Applause]
birthday birthday h
[Applause]
I love you I love you a thank
you you guys did you turn the camera on
that's amazing let's
go thank you happy birthday I love
[Music]
you perfect missing one missing one corn
good
job
he is there a Red Dot yes good knew what
he was doing they got it I
love 39 this is what it's all about
that's right these little okay we're
going to cut it does that smell good do
that smell good that smells real good
let's
go good job guys you guys are regular
videographers here let's go good job you
guys can have your own what pumpk on I
love
you I'm so sorry remember last time we
[Music]
[Music]
okay who K give a corn the cake oh yum
you got it
C do we know well no I don't know that
be in the game I don't know look
more chicken God
bless um those are all great memories I
know we last year Redstone oh yeah that
was fun and we won the
championship we did not say on Parade we
didn't say on Parade that was so fun
though you got such a good squats and
you were up on that
newspaper thing holder thing yeah
newspapers even exist more I know

---

# We play other Sports too...

while we're in
Mexico we better go get some miles in
you if you know what I mean come on now
little Sunrise run little Sunrise not
saying we're going to see the Sunrise
we'll see
this it's nice to be in a mental place
where you know you live in the right
spot altitude it's my jam I love it I
love training in altitude raising an
altitude woo a week of uh humidity
running has taught me many
lessons I've trained in New York
humidity but man it is
a little different than Mexico humidity
oh my goodness it feels real good to
be be going home let's just put it that
way all right trying to get to the beach
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
2 lunch time lunch time come on come on
come
on it's
electric not used to El electric how do
you cook on electric totally different
than
gas thank you Henry you're down here
you're right here okay careful hot it's
a little hot it's a chicken's very hot I
love you good job
henen frine wants to come the
table wo
[Music]
oh should be SP s
okay okay he is possible minute if you
like find this in mask and then like
yeah bet you could pull it off balance
but if you take a bite doesn't that make
it lighter and doesn't it change it's
like mask mask yeah it would change
it Henry thumbs up watch thumbs
up thumbs up see thumbs up
yeah okay two screen perfect cash up for
the turn down service perfect one
swimmer snipers and light perfect follow
follow
R22 not so
[Music]
baders ready one sec baby just where you
want to get caters k wo okay Michael I'm
[Music]
ready
M all right just give it a taste no B
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
woo I think it might have been let me
pull your shorts
up
[Music]
woo
[Music]
wo I got you I got you I got you Sal I
got you you got salt water salt water
salt
[Music]
water
yeah
jump in the water guys four
boys we play sports yeah we play
sports oh oh great job what's this
Runner doing foot right there this might
be a f right there okay now now
try
[Applause]
[Music]
W if you want to go over you can and
I'll
hit the boys are running up ahead to
save the
ball in case it's about to roll into the
water this par three course
has a lot of water it's all water
actually and uh so they're going to all
right guys you get ready to save the
ball just in case that's a good that's a
good line
[Music]
yep nice that was good that was good
mountain Runner turns
golfer in
Mexico
nice that's crazy
[Music]
oh let's
go let's go was it right there was it
from here to there
I it was wayy you goys look what we just
did you guys were just down there let's
go good job
boys you I got out of that
bunker yeah I saw you guys can you guys
see them all I think that's hole number
one right there no that's hole two hole
one is it back there further

---

# Mission accomplished

[Music]
[Music]
there little one and there's Gaters good
buy gaty we got everybody look at camera
we got six
that's
[Music]
okay here we
[Music]
go we made it through security it's a
miracle
[Music]
at
[Music]
[Music]
I want I want
M I thought it was
mine good here we
go good job boy boys we're in
America no
Michael I know I don't they memorize it
really
[Music]
well oh thank
you
wow honey I got a picture
ofe chocolate milk and they poter that's
so funny that's great okay baby you just
say he's take let me get you let me get
you let me get you some
uh and
syrup syrup for Henry napkin is it
good hot chocolate for
Henry order hot chocolate in hot
[Music]
Mexico Henry it's hot so you got to let
it cool
hot okay hot hot let it
cool for kids that don't see the ocean
too often this is Paradise
[Music]
[Music]
all right we're about to move on to this
a very l
[Music]
[Music]
W
good there she is
woo good
[Music]
job mission
accomplished good
job good job Henry good napkin
good napping
[Music]

---

# Fresh Summer 2024 Running Gear, but not before some Peak Pushing

[Music]
[Music]
new day new Trail new
opportunity let it rip oh yeah I have
never been on this Trail so that's
always exciting when you're going fast
and trying to figure out your way but
I've got some maps to look at so I think
we'll I think we'll find our way but
switching back switching back everyone
to the
pulsars agil were
fine but the pulsars you know my the
balls of my feet were a little tired
slnb after Monday's fkt which was only
2.4 miles and this one or sorry 2.6 mil
to the Top This one is three today uh
less elevation gain today so it's going
to be a little faster but I am excited
to explore new trails seek a little
beauty along the way and see if we can't
snag this uh snag this mountain
Carpenter Peak Carpenter Peak it's not
really a peak I would say it's more of a
more of a hill but you know they call it
Carpenter Peak here in the uh South
Denver area all right um let's get laced
up as we do in pulsars and Let Her Fly
okay we'll get to these boxes here in a
second once we get back to the car I'll
open these up for all of you thank you
thank you companies for
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
move it on down the road got to
[Music]
[Music]
move you got down the road
was
[Music]
it's my dreams Flash
[Music]
down the road got to move it on down the
road don't wait don't to sh those got
move it down
you got down
the I wait of round but I never feel the
pain yeah the hor fire to
blaz oh
oh oh Oho
[Music]
oh
my oh it's exactly 5K to the top 3.1
miles let's just say it's time for a
vacation literally the next Vlog on this
channel will be from some beaches around
the world everybody cuz uh it's been a
doozy so obviously as you know the year
did not start off great uh but we've had
a really strong
second quarter of training really strong
I think this is the seventh or eighth
week above 100 miles so it's just been a
nice I I'll put it on the screen right
now the uh mileage graph I was running
like 20 30 miles a week the first two
months of the year not much maybe 40 mil
once it just was that was life but now
we're coming it's like you just you
learn as you get older as a runner to be
be incredibly patient and so that's what
I've been this year and I feel good but
but when I started today this is a
carpenter Peak uh my legs were done they
were heavy they felt like lead they
didn't want to go the effort on Monday
where I had to really really dig and I
missed that fkt by two seconds um I felt
it today but we got it today all right
oh that was fun um I think it was Scott
shout out to Scott you threw down a good
time I threw down a decent time and now
somebody else go throw throw down an
even better time all right so good
second quarter second quarter the second
quarter isn't even over but uh oh man
feeling good all right I haven't forgot
actually question of the day how is your
second quarter of training progressing
cuz we're basically halfway through I'm
realizing it feels like we're in July
but no it's only May uh how's your
second quarter of training progressing
all right first box I said we oh my my
hello a lot of people as you know I've
been wearing the goggles I don't wear
them all the time because they get
sweaty when it's really hot out like
today these are coup all right but now a
little Smith action Smith was my first
goto uh sunglasses for trail running
about 5 years ago I had the chroma pop
Max remember those glasses I wore them
for a couple years but I ended up
breaking a couple pairs so Smith Oh My
My look at this oh is that gold a little
a little CU Buffalo gold don't mind if I
do oh that's nice you know what I've
learned though I'm literally I might
save these for race day because if you
wear glasses all the time they just get
those micro scratches and it's no dice
so oh those are real oh man they look I
can tell it gets a good depth of field
which is critical for trail racing all
right thank you Smith do appreciate that
all right let's see what's going on here
uhhuh oh that's awesome you guys know
how much I love compression uh gear I
wear it all the time because I'm not
getting any younger so these are
compression calves 2xu these are socks
appreciate it Vetra light cushion crew
sock all right 2xu thank you these feel
these look feel like really good uh hard
longer Trail days all right right there
and last what else is in here oh some
half heghts very cool men's light speed
react compression shorts very very good
I do appreciate it 2xu and last but not
least good old tracksmith they're always
taking care of me um let's see what did
they fresh handheld I didn't know they
were doing handhelds now tracksmith
shorts I see maybe they're going to be
the right size but very interesting has
a clip there on the front appreciate
that onward we go Mountain running
playlist if you like Mountain running
we're kicking it into high gear right
there just go go to your heart's content
I think we're almost to 70 videos on
that one playlist right there all right
love you all seek Beauty work hard and
love each other

---

# Birthday MILE Training....Mountain Man Style

and then I washed it that's the coolest
that's the coolest SE sey also thought
of grabbing I'll be right there I'll let
you him tell you but it's really clever
what he grabbed happy Mother's Day to my
love go open it go open it look at this
is so
epic what is going
on okay now you can open
it honey this is so epic we have to hide
our drinks in this house a lot of kiddos
listen every single second they are
taking my propels come on come on oh
look how many drinks I can fit I lo look
at how many drinks it can fit honey I
hope you I hope you like fun drinks I
love fun drinks I love fun drinks honey
this
is
suck one of
these thr one of
these a you're the best M thank you for
this oh good morning they're singing
Happy Mother's Day sing yeah this is our
home Michael you I do know that I love
this home look at her beautiful garden
yes oh my gosh it looks so good
[Music]
babe to reach over there it's so big uh
hun after six kiddos yeah good job Mama
a good job Mama thank you I love my kids
you learn you learn never to risk uh
showing up at a restaurant without
colored pencils yep markers Y and your
own coloring books some books some a
little entertainment yeah yeah yeah
we've we've got some experience
especially you you know what else is
good for children at restaurants those
little tiny creamers cre your coffee yes
they take a while to open them they take
a while to drink them they spill a lot
yeah the waitresses keep bringing them
it's
amazing hi have to do all the work but
we are the ones who get you that's right
Michael so we got to thank them they're
the ones that do all the work we get to
relax that's right they going to do our
dishes don't they thank you thank you we
love you six kids maybe H six kiddos
sunrise
sunset I kind of really want this to do
like color in your cup yeah you try that
no a reg Henry's got
his what do you need a fork you
need that was so that such a fun memory
Nana stey Michael you hold them up
again
steing oh
good J
M
good good
J got
Kate is he hit there he is
I mean stay good job Henry good all
right bye
SE good
job good job Henry you're
next Henry's
next yeah
[Music]
all right going Brooks Ailes right here
instead of the all right so I am really
everyone's asking are these the Pulsar
3s they are and I love them but I want
to test some other shoes as well as we
go fast up the hills today by the way
happy Mother's Day to all the masas out
there couple days late but Happy
Mother's Day to all of you hopefully you
got to do something you love on your
mother's day um I know we love we love a
good hot coffee and uh good delicious
breakfast that's what we like like to do
so Solomon Pulsar 3's amazing shoe I've
been wearing them for the last two fkt
efforts today though switching it up
with the Brooks agile pretty excited
about these uh they feel really nice
over the top of the foot so I have never
I don't even remember if Brooks has ever
had come out with a a fast Trail racing
shoe before at least I've never tested
one all right today's a gut punch uh
training Mountain Man style for the
birthday Mile and we're just two and a
half yeah 2.6 miles from this parking
lot to the shelter 10% grade 1,400
vertical feet and I ran this where does
the time go I ran this in 2019 I've run
it 30 times since then but not fast I
don't even so thank you straa where's my
phone thank you straa for uh keeping me
in line when was the last time I put a
hard effort on this it's not even to the
top of the mountain but it's a good
segment and a lot of people do it so
currently have the second fastest time
at 233 so I got to beat
2246 uh for today and it's like not
getting any younger we got to we got to
attack these mountains while we can so
all right everyone let's pack up go get
it
[Music]
m
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and
[Music]
hey hey hey hey
[Applause]
heyy
hey hey
[Music]
[Music]
craing that I
[Music]
clay you demand sir oh my goodness so
whenever you're going after some you
know King of the mountains fkt segments
on straa make sure you check the date so
I knew it was Stout because clay who is
still in first place he said it in
2017 uh on that segment again 2.4 miles
to or sorry 2.6 up 1,400 ft I uh 2
seconds missed it by two seconds it was
UN I was working ladies and gentlemen I
was working real hard um I missed it by
two seconds and so he said it in
2017 seven years ago but I do feel real
good because I beat my time from Five
Years Ago by about 25 seconds so getting
older getting faster keep turning at
doorknob don't give up on your dreams as
we uh progress through the through the
uh decades oh man that was amazing clay
man now I see that it's it is Stout so
my I just checked on H the I was a 172
average heart rate usually I'm not I was
oh working oh fun day up on the mountain
and uh just another goal to shoot
forward down the road I don't know if
we'll try it again this year uh but I
talk about making the next logical step
uh if you want to make you got to do you
got to make yourself hurt and I I was
breathing I was H my legs were screaming
at me I will not be doing much more FK I
won't H they were good but they are not
the pulsars I will say that these Brooks
agil they were fine but uh I'm going to
be sticking with the puls r3s for a lot
of a lot of work this summer all right
good times uh question of the day what
was your last uh hard hard effort in a
training session where maybe you were
going after a few little goodness out
there a few little straa segments or a
king of the mountain or an fkt all right
it's warming up in North America the
snow is melting let's go let's go
Mountain running playlist right there
all right seek Beauty work hard and love
each other

---

# time to go onward & upward

okay I love you love you all right study
hard talk to you guys after school
and they're off hopefully they have
their lunches you know the drill now I I
I overshot a little bit last week ladies
and gentlemen Six Mile uphill fkt in
Boulder didn't get the fkt but the 6
miles was a little much for the
rustbuster uh for
2024 and so we're going to we're going
to bring it back a little bit to a 4 4
and 1/2 Mile uphill effort today and I I
should have remembered you know six M
you just kind of forget over the winter
months like what does it feel like to
really give a hard effort on all uphill
for six miles so we're going to bring it
back four miles Deer Creek it's going to
be fun it did rain last night so we'll
see if it's muddy hopefully it's not too
muddy out there but uh man oh seeking
Beauty uh I try to get some get some
zesty shots for everybody spice it up
spice of life uh little eye candy if you
haven't talked about eye candy on the
old YouTube machine in a little while so
all right I'm going to keep saying it
everyone fun all right keep seeking joy
in your
training this is fun for me it's
probably not fun for most folks out
there sorry about the traffic noise
there's a road right there but this is
fun uphill hard running is fun and I'll
keep I'll keep harping on it as long as
I have a voice is like just keep uh keep
going for what brings you Joy on this
Earth which we Runners are blessed with
the fact that we can choose different
modes I guess you could do it in
swimming I was just thinking like some
people like to swim 100 meters all out
and some people like to swim across the
English Channel right so I guess there
are different modes but man in running
there's so many different modes to train
and to race and that balance of racing
and training and mixing it up in the uh
in the training realm with the good old
fkt attempt so let's do this going to be
good going to be zesty and it's
beautiful out uh it's
47° Colorado is turning into its nice
May green color all this green you see
on the ground is going to be brown here
in about 4 to 6 weeks as the summer
months uh cuz we do live in a high
altitude desert here in Colorado but uh
you know right now it's
green up we go
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
We Made It come on come on but the bread
that's what I'm talking about man
perfect weather Perfect Day perfect
Trail perfect shoes and now I got to zip
cuz uh half day at school all right come
on that was
epic let's just say four miles this week
way
4.2 way better than 6 miles last week
okay I got to get off this mountain
ASAP hi there hi good to see you can you
put all your stuff in happy birthday
Finn thanks yeah Vince Carter was very
good I think he might I think he's in
the Hall of Fame actually and he was a
very good
dunker well uh not tonight cuz you guys
are going to be at the Rockies game but
good news Papa's going to have to buy
some ice cream for you guys what FK
fkt let's go fkt season has started so I
went up to Deer Creek and it was uh not
snowy not too muddy and we got it done
so remind me tomorrow to uh go get some
ice cream sound good Henry what do you
want ice cream ice cream why because
Papa did what
today ice cream cuz Papa got an
[Music]
fkt
yeah there it
is yes Henry knew Henry yes yes you say
please yes okay Henry you carry you
carry it up oh
a yeah not yet for not yet charging
Henry yes oh my gosh honey he kept
telling me you had ice cuam in your
office and I was like Papa does not have
ice cream in there it's precious oh my
gosh let's
go come here baby you were right Papa
had what did Papa have ice cream a Henry
yes Henry was right Henry was right
Henry Henry H do you want sprinkles
oh it's Henry getting
it
oh let's go let's go you want some
sprinkles
[Music]
okay
ready
starting he I mean I was like snuck it
by and he's he saw barely like I was
like I can't believe he saw

---

# Busting-Rust in the Uphill pre-season

got your lunch
good
job all right you guys can get
loaded okay boys you guys ready for
school got everything got your
lunch I heard good news the game is at
5:00 oh good isn't that nice so much
better then so I will start inviting
today okay okay
but if you want to mention it at school
feel free you guys can get out it's it's
7:30 all right love you have a great day
at school did you open the back oh
yeah oh yeah great job uh with the
baseball
game okay bye Michael I love you bye SE
bye
and they're off as are we now I could I
could go to a track I could you know we
can go do some oval Loops you I don't
mind it but it's like
track run uphill track Sprint uphill
track get out in nature a little more
track uh chase down some nice little
vertical gain that's what we're up to
today today it's I I know we're getting
ready for a birthday mile but at the end
of the day you know my passion is up in
the Hill Country so year I was actually
thinking uh a little reflection last
night and I was like man how long has it
been and I believe it was October which
I did not film but October
2023 when the snow hit here in Colorado
and I was unable to uh chase down some
some goodness up into High Country so
why is it so fun to run
uphill quickly hastily I don't know you
tell me oh man what question of the day
what is your favorite form of running
favorite niche of running mine is uphill
it's so strange but I just love it and
uh hold on I just got to get this tag
off somehow uh the pulse R3 we're taking
out the one and two have been my go-to
for the last 2 years uh the the Brooks
agile though has my attention I'm
excited about this shoe as well probably
a little bit longer fkt action proba I'm
like like 10 miles plus 12 miles plus
this is the shorter shorter shoe for
today which uh we're going we are going
about 5 miles though to the top here in
beautiful Boulder Colorado and it's like
light in the Jets man um as far as not
necessarily speed this is a rustbuster
an out of shape rustbuster today I have
not gone fast like this in a long time
but you got to start somewhere you
remember you're not out of shape you're
just early in the process so we are
really early in fact we might hit snow
on the way up there's no guarantee that
it's going to be melted up there from we
got snow here in Colorado last weekend
so uh we might hit snow but we're early
in the process but you got to start
somewhere as you're working toward your
goals and that is what we're doing today
uh just having a little fun up in the uh
up in the this isn't even the high
country this is the this is the low
country uh about 6,000 ft here at the
start and I don't even know what we'll I
think I'll top out at about 7800 maybe
8,000 not sure it's a little toasty out
here little
toasty we're going to try the goggles by
the way they're dinit Dina fit dinit
Dina fit whatever you want to call them
d y n a
fit so oh some other Runners are
reporting in that they have the similar
eye issue that I have so we'll see how
they perform with respect to uh letting
my eyes breathe a little bit right up
there all right let's go
[Music]
[Music]
sry buddy
[Music]
that'll bust some Rust if I might say so
myself wo oh my my 6 miles to the top
not 5.4 so you know straa we love Strava
we all love Strava around here but it's
sometimes a little difficult to find the
correct segment before you actually do
the segment and it's crazy I lived in
Boulder for 5 years in college never I
never had gone on that trail before
because so many trails so little time
but now that I've been on the trail now
straa recognizes that basically they
rerouted this Trail about looks like
about two years ago based on the times
that I'm seeing here congrats to Ryan
David and Brad uh I was it looks like my
time will put me in about fourth place
for this segment so I was 50 2 minutes
to the top it ended up being 2400
vertical feet and uh over 6 mil so about
a 7.7% grade and it was a doozy it was
fun it was it was hard I was working I
felt strong though for the first hard
uphill effort in I don't know four or
five months I will take it and didn't
get the fkt but that's okay again
congrats to Ryan he has a 50
minute5 and so I got to drop about 2
minutes for that Ryan is is he is always
throwing down like uh I don't know him
but um whenever I'm you know scouting
other mountains up in the High Country I
always see his name so oh man that was
good and what else was I going to say oh
yeah the downhill I have found that it
takes about four to six weeks of
downhill running before your quads begin
to adapt to that downhill and I just
even though I'm doing the 23m long run
with the up and down it's just different
when you're going down steep mountain
and with when you're negotiating the
rocks on the way down as well the Pulsar
threes epic felt amazing feel a lot like
the the you know the two a little better
grip I could sense and then uh I don't
know they felt really good I can tell I
can tell they updated the material a
little bit to be a little more Nimble
over the top of the foot so good job I'm
feeling very good about the Pulsar three
I think that's it a good rustbuster
didn't get it today but we'll be back
next week to uh another week Another
Mountain if you know what I mean all
right Mountain running season oh I am I
amped up this is good uh oh yeah oh yeah
I don't know if this camera I haven't
used it in probably about a year it's an
old camera I don't know if it worked
hopefully it did and I got some footage
some very uh interesting footage along
the way pretty simple with this little
insta 360 to go all right I think we'll
toss it we'll go we'll put it in the
mountain running Mountain running
playlist oh we got to if you like
Mountain running go watch this all right
seek Beauty work hard and love each
other

---

# Will I ever race again

you can't do it
I'm not a big fan of scary movies not
for me but scary runs all right runs
that just make you
go this one's going to be a digger we're
going to have to dig deep for this so
that's today's run the 23m loop from the
house uh 2,000 ft of vertical gain it
just it's Relentless it just doesn't
really stop uh making you focus making
you work the entire time and especially
with mountain running season uh
forthcoming it's not we're not too far
off what is it almost we're like 6 weeks
away before the snow is melted up there
so this that's why I'm doing this 23
milei Loop just getting used to it all
right let's rock and roll oh boy a
little scary today thank you Jesus for
the clouds
steady Edy steady
Edie just getting it done get in the
miles nice steady effort nothing too
fast on the downhills nothing too slow
on the
uphills feeling pretty
good preparation for that gym we're at M
17 six miles to go so uh dreaming about
some kettle bell action with respect to
mobility and core
mobility and
core
mobility and core goals for
2024 nice and easy
[Music]
[Music]
we're back there's the run on your
screen got it done with a jog home from
the gym all right I a quick trip down
memory lane I'm not going to talk about
the last eight years of YouTube
uh but I do want to talk about the last
two years on YouTube and of
racing
and as I'm like I just been mulling this
over and what really spurred on this
thought process for me and reflection
and it's by the way way too nice to be
inside after a long winter and long
spring it's like let's get the let's get
the vitamin D while we can everybody so
um but what spurted on was really the
rdam marathon shout out to everybody in
the Netherlands we love you thank you
for all your support in the Netherlands
but all the memories started popping up
on Facebook and YouTube Twitter uh from
two two years ago feels like that was my
road Marathon PR over in rdam feels like
yesterday that we were chugging along in
uh the streets of Rotterdam so um when I
saw that memory pop up I was like man
what has been going on the last two
years and it's it's just been a lot it's
like and it spurred me on to this
thought process of the racing and the
desire to race um so as I'm thinking and
sharing here on YouTube I don't want
like yeah yes it's it's my YouTube
channel a little bit of my story but
really I I just hope it's uh maybe a
little Catalyst for you out there like
to think back on your last 12 months or
last 24 months that's what I've been
doing a lot in the last really since I
started training again and yes I got a
little a little taste of a work a baby
uphill workout last week and it just
like as Runners like life is like some
people like dirt bikes some people like
paragliding some people like if you like
paragliding let us know in the comments
some people like rock climbing I don't
know whatever gets your jets going
that's that's that's fine with me but
for me it's absolutely the training and
the racing but I haven't been able to do
a ton of racing in the last two years
since roterdam since the marathon PR you
know we welcome two precious little
girls into the world uh the deore deor
dearer the family has definitely not
gotten smaller in the last two years and
so life has just gotten busier there's
no other way to say it the big boys are
doing you know Sports a lot of baseball
this spring and and um so I and oh man
the sacrum stress fracture was almost 2
years ago that wiped out an entire
summer of potential Racing for me which
you know in the summertime is when I do
the mountain racing up in the High
Country and so as I'm moving forward and
oh yeah so for you guys like just
hopefully this just a little Catalyst to
like okay take a little check where we
at everybody and actually question of
the day like do you do this have you
ever do you do this often where you take
a little check a little temperature on
your training and your racing and last
week's baby uphill workout just got me
very excited for potential fast running
again in the future and so I guess I you
know to answer the question in the title
of the Vlog is yes yes yes I will be
racing again I don't know when but I
will be
um all my races have been wiped out in
2024 I was supposed to have done three
at this point and the fourth is also
going to be wiped out the family we're
heading out we're getting out of the
country uh hearing about so I'm going to
miss the Boulder Boulder 10K
unfortunately just uh again life
circumstances and so we got to we just
got to Pivot and keep moving forward and
putting our priorities straight but I am
excited to
eventually race again and you know I I
see the comments and I know I'm I know
I'm disappointing many of you with my uh
you know my YouTube output and my
running output uh even though I'm
running 100 miles a week just so
everybody knows I am training uh I am
getting the work in but I'm just not
racing and again it's just like life
life is life and you press ahead but
Runners we are like
oh yeah I I was thinking of this on what
was it
um you're not you're not out of shape
you're just early in the process or you
haven't lost your Fitness you're just
early in the process of getting your
Fitness back meaning um life is is
actually kind of long I know sometimes
the old saying like you know life is
short but like we we have if you stay
with it over decades as a runner you're
going to have so many opportunities to
seize your goals and to chase down your
PRS and to go to your bucket list races
I know I've got some bucket list races
this Summer that I want to do um even
though I've missed it for two summers in
a row but that's okay you you pick
yourself up and you get back on the on
the horse and you you try again so
that's what we're going to do I have
races not going to share them right now
I'll make another Vlog very very soon
about what I want to be doing for racing
in
2024 2023 was the
fktsgi I haven't heard from you in 12
months and it's like well I've still
been uploading I've still been running
almost every day on straa I'm still here
we're still alive and that's that that's
my little update for all of you yes I
will be racing it's been a journey a lot
of curveballs but uh that's the beauty
of running is that it'll always be there
you know the door will always be there
for you to turn that door knob the the
shoes will always be there to lace them
up and go get your volume in so I'm
where we go I asked the question today I
do believe and
um
ah
man keep it going just keep it going
just keep it and life like I I I know
you've got a lot of people have grown
impatient with me but again I I think in
I honestly think in decades I don't
think even think in years so it's it's
just you just got to keep going when
things are hard and it's been very hard
the last five to six months for us but
we're coming out the other side we're
coming so so don't don't stop don't stop
all right everybody seek Beauty work
hard and love each other

---

# Hills pay the bills....and date night with TL

for
[Music]
am I packing ey drops for the run today
yes yes I am it's it's wild guys this
whole eye thing I've got to stay on it
that's why I got the goggles on my head
right now uh it just it's no joke they
if they get dry my eyes get dry it just
starts to feel a little irritated so yes
uh big day out in the uh sun today so I
will be packing ey drops in a very heavy
pack shout out to camel back thanks for
sending the uh sending the vest we got
Mr drone in there it's going to be a
little heavy but we're going to we're
going to make it happen we're going to
do the warmup in the speed fours okay
there they are speed fours loving the
speed fours and never in a million years
would I have thought that I'd be excited
to test out a trail racing shoe from
Brook
single track goodness we're almost there
actually that's the that's the that's
the hill we're going to be doing a
little workout on nice I'll explain once
we get over there
oh man look at that view the clouds have
arrived that is what I'm better for the
old eyeballs if you know what I mean and
but I do still have the eye drops I'm
going to put some in this is going to be
a simple figure8 course for this this
workout so the uh East sorry west side
is the Steep side uh east side is the
not as steep side just trying to mimic
different courses that I hope hope to be
racing summer 2024 now that is the
question of the day what do you most
excited about for this upcoming summer
everybody in the southern hemisphere uh
what are you most excited about for
winter 2024 but in the northern
hemisphere what are you most excited
about in The Running World spec
specifically if you want to connect it
to life that's cool too maybe you're
about to graduate from high school and
head off to college or maybe uh I don't
know you're about to start a new job
whatever it might be let us know down in
the comments we're going to get these
new Mountain Trail Racing shoes on my
feet from Brooks again I'm just shocked
that Brooks is coming out with a trail
racing shoe it's so cool good job Brooks
and let's let it let's let it rip I'll
try and do a little bit of aerial
footage if you know what I mean let's go
h
h
[Music]
little post workout date night don't
mind if we do but but first we got to
recover from that workout little
compression oh man look at that look at
that colorway compressed sport which I I
apologize Switzerland not France
Switzerland is where compressed board is
from all right here we
go I love it
Joseph you get your green machine cheers
you're coming us you're coming with us
yes you
are
hey excuse
me oh again in a row for me no I don't
see anything right there must be further
down oh hang on honey can you this is
all that super important papers just put
it inside yeah or on that blue
shelf so P his binder a new binder yeah
Joseph maybe we can look for yours this
weekend or I think I'm probably just
going to get the one that I really like
oh the new one or the second or a
different which one does he get new
cards every
week he's just oh parents so there might
be a game yes good boy baseball yeah are
you crying there's no crying in
baseball what's this Smalls you're
killing me Smalls you're killing me
Smalls baseball okay yeah that's it
practice drop off see you and who says
you can't go on date night with six kids
oh yeah who says those things no not
this family come on the more to Mar do
more to date night date night baby come
on wa it's clutch clutch hun we're
rolling I know the white box of photo
books with my fake flowers on top and
then we could be looking at
those everyone looks so young downtown
hippity
hop I got
[Music]
[Applause]
are you going to get a drink
[Music]
or honey like I know the
[Music]
party there she is
hi granny you still get to come on date
night hiany
hi hi little precious girl see she is oh
I love
her forgot you forgot forgot I don't
like G you had the last
chip okay
yeah I mean that was real sweet of
you H we're going to make it
oh pretty love your
papa perfect a nice
evening Runners doing their thing here's
a boat boat gosh that was delicious so
goody Mya thanks for taking me
out I love your guts
fancy do you smell gas yeah I do they
might have C paint going yeah

---

# Most Difficult Long Run Course | 2K | Running Gear Haul

[Music]
okay
[Music]
little long run morning oh it's warming
up feeling good out here
50° can't beat that
Red Rocks halfway
we're going uh we're going long today
feeling pretty good better than last
week that's always a
bonus oh man how can you can complain
about the pain in your legs when you get
a look at this view
woo so
nice seek
Beauty keep seeking Beauty
test one two three are we back in action
in shudio yes we are 23 miles in the
books ended up about I think that's 726
uh 727 a mile for the average went out a
little quick given the conditions I got
to you know I was I carried a a handheld
water bottle today but it wasn't enough
it I think by the end the temperature
was about 65° not enough uh so I
definitely hit a wall that last 8 Miles
so mile 15 to mile 23 that Loop who
knows the vert I'm curious who knows the
vertical gain for mags above Boulder
this this Loop that I do for my house is
2,000 ft of up and down it is it's
easily the hardest long run Loop that I
do anyway I love it if you want to go
see it on straa go check it out it is is
just hard it just like is Rel it's just
Relentless anyway it feels kind of like
Magnolia Road up above Boulder all right
so feeling good there's some stats on
the screen let's do some unboxing thank
you to all the brands I know I'm not
really doing running shoe reviews at
this point in uh in life and on YouTube
but I do appreciate appreciate the brand
still sending me gear I will continue to
use the gear especially as the summer
training ramps up up in the mountains
very excited for example I'm looking at
a box right here from Smart wool very
very cool and actually I posted on
Facebook and uh I think it was Twitter
just basically what's been your favorite
that's question of the day what has been
your favorite piece of running gear thus
far in 2024 all right so the first three
to four months of the year what have you
been using wearing testing it could be
shoes it could be socks it could be
water bottles vests uh uh watches you
know Tech all that good stuff so let us
know down in the comments all right my
worst slowest uh I don't know basically
my most challenging Marathon road
marathon of my life was definitely at
cim but I got to say cim this is pretty
cool they sent a postcard I think I
don't know yeah this just it's cool it's
a basically an invitation to go out to
Boston for the Boston Marathon 2025
that's this came in the mail for Mail
Time cim to Boston it says so yes that's
the plan 2025 Boston finally run Boston
so I guess I I guess I qualified with my
challenging Marathon out in California
but it was good all right here we go
David love you David out in New York
City David's been a fan uh a friend uh
but he's just been like he's just I
can't tell you the amount of support
that David has tossed my way and toward
my family so David he's picked me up
from the airport a couple times out in
New York City anyway David you're the
best thank you so so much for just being
being a friend and he sends me cool
shirts from his uh basically his running
Endeavors out in New York City this is
the family runs Club all right and oh
looks like he made one for true love
this is amazing thank you David oh wait
let let me let me see here this that is
David that is cool all right this must
be for mine
there we oh it's a singlet oh my
goodness and it has deore Global running
on the back thank you David for sending
that along ah David you're the best
family runs Club okay let's open oh yeah
so as you know uh Brands send me stuff
and I'm I'm grateful but at the end of
the day sometimes I want to run and
train in gear that I'm interested in and
I'm not getting any younger right so I
got a like I'm really trying to
emphasize right now recovery in my
training and thus far compress sport has
been my favorite uh compression gear
that I that I've tested ever so
compressed sport I think they're based
out of France so anyway so I just needed
some new and fresh uh calf sleeves there
some special trail running socks for
just those hard Mountain running days
which are so close and
remember um remember last summer I
didn't film I took the summer off oh it
was nice but but I'm excited to film The
Mountain running for all of you this
summer so stay tuned for some seek and
Beauty up there in the Hills uh let's
see and then I also got oh yeah some arm
sleeves as well so compress Port
absolutely my favorite compression gear
there we go I thought that box was lost
so I'm glad I I'm glad it actually
arrived okay this is from I'm just going
to rip it open from Smart wool oh my
goodness wow now correct me if I'm wrong
everybody did SmartWool start in
Steamboat Springs Colorado am I is that
am I crazy for I thought I heard back in
the day that smart wool started up in
Steamboat and then they were eventually
purchased uh by a bigger company but I
love smart wool I don't always train in
wool socks but there are moments where
I'm like you know what today is a
perfect temperature and conditions on
the trails for wool like a smart wool
blend basically so these are some socks
thank you oh some shorts whoa oh man a
see here's the
deal I'm I'm a buck 20 on a good day a
buck 20 on a good day L ladies are like
I need to who should I send these to oh
my that's like um that's basically
basketball shorts like in the 90s right
there uh oh so well I will not be
wearing that but thank you smart wolf
for that and then a little t-shirt
action very good oh a h oh a long sleeve
can never have too many long sleeves
with a hood tell me that I'm wrong all
right here we go moving on let's go buff
buff okay one hat in a box thank you
buff I appreciate it you know what buff
is the OG they are the originals you
know they their advancement they uh
their sourcing of material is just
Second To None So buff any any
you know buff that you'd wear on your
head but also a headband or visor or hat
is always clutch thank you buff oh this
is like light lightweight is okay it
might be lighter than my dgr hats just
byy a little bit good job buff thank you
for sending that all right and now I
think the rest might be shoes so how's
everybody doing I mean oh my goodness I
hope I hope your spring time is cheery
and uh you know coming along with
respect to the you know melting snow and
better temperatures for running out
there around the world
oh
yes oh this beautiful all right all
right so will this be my mountain fkt
and Mountain racing shoe in 20124 the
Pulsar 3 there it is oh my m m
oh my my it's it feels lightweight even
with the paper in it let's take that out
I mean listen Solomon thus far I know
Hoka has uh what's the name of that shoe
I used to wear it but bottom line the
Pulsar has been my go-to for all the
Pikes almost all the Pikes Peak races
and it's treated me very this is this is
my go-to and this looks like the SG
version which is the soft ground version
I could be wrong on that but anyway
thank you Solomon for sending that
love that shoe oh my goodness all right
here we go Hoka Hoka Hoka all right here
we go oh oh sorry falling falling oh
yeah this they they they told me this
was coming what is this called This is
called oh it's oh yeah the Skyward X is
there's a plate in there look at that a
chunker I actually need a chunker shoe
because my legs are getting tired as my
volume goes up in the training but look
at that decup double groove on the
outsole good work there Hoka I love it
and it feels it feels pretty ooh that
feels pretty nice you know it's just got
to be like the um almost like the Fresh
Foam more but obviously it has a plate
inside very interesting all right so
I'll get you get you some initial
thoughts over on straa very soon for the
Skyward X and last box you know running
Warehouse if you if you watch this video
um uh patience with me as uh life has
been a little up and down in 2024 but
we're making oh my M oh my my so I
basically said listen running Warehouse
I would love to test some new shoes and
they went all out oh man so the
Catamount I won't maybe pull them all
out here we go though the Catamount from
Brooks the agile for oh my uhoh uhoh
Solomon do we have a competitor there oh
boy look at that oh this is the yeah
this is the catam Mount agile uh for the
trail
rate oh my goodness it almost man I'll
have to weigh them it it almost feels
lighter but it's that's going to be
close Okay Brooks ver there's the uh
outsole on that I know we're going a
little long here but I just want to oh
yeah and then we got the Puma velocity
Nitro 3 thank you Puma for sending that
along and then we got the dragonflies
from Nike so you know dabbling a little
bit actually um the birthday mile coming
up all right we're going to try and run
a fast birthday mile so a little
dragonfly action will treat me well out
there on the track for that and then
last but not least a little AI zero
adios Pro 3 which I know has been out
for a long long time oh jet black
version very cool so I actually haven't
I haven't tested shoe yet I know here's
the thing like I'm I'm not really a shoe
tuber any I maybe I was at one point I
just um it's just not at the top of my
priority list in life at this point I
know it was good back in the day when I
used to publish a lot of shoe reviews
but uh priorities change and life
changes and it's uh I'll continue to
test running shoes for all of you but
just know that uh for the brands that do
send me gear I'll do my reviews a little
more uh simply through photos through
straa um and a little bit of video uh
shoe reviews as well like this guy you
know you you have to really fight for
shoes to be sent sent to you and you
have to ask and you have to reach out
and you have to email and which is great
that's fine I don't have the time for it
though you know is the bottom line so I
am um if they arrive at the house I will
put them through the paces for you guys
but at the end of the day I'm I'm just
here to hopefully give a little love
through this camera give a little
inspiration and uh keep having fun in
this sport of Life all right so U where
we go uh 23 miles in the books and I
don't even know what I'm racing for
right now just so you know like I I have
no races officially on the calendar
again uh just a lot of a lot of curve
balls in 2024 and we just going to we're
just going to see what happens hopefully
this summer I'll be able to do some
racing in possibly some of these shoes
sitting right here all right hope you
guys have a good day we will toss it to
uh random old school old school random
right there all right see beauty work
hard and love each other

---

# 25 Years of Running: My Most BIZARRE Injury Yet (Surgery Likely)

[Music]
do you ever wake up and just ask
yourself why does that hurt I don't
there's no reason that should hurt but
it does oh man not getting any younger
but we're still we're still trucking
still trucking in life Trucking on
YouTube a little bit little bit all
right let's go find an
oval in college we used to jog 3 miles
holding our spikes in our hands from the
uh campus down to the track
pottsfield and uh now my closest track
is 6 miles that's open right now during
the school year so thank you camel back
for the uh vest brand new vest from cam
Beck it's nice it's feeling good
appreciate the uh send in the gear but
the spikes are in the back for the track
now I'm not I'm not giving up on my
2024 running goals trust me despite
having to take basically 2 and 1/2
months off of serious training I was
still running but not very much wasn't
going to the gym just because of Life
circumstances you know everyone's okay
family's healthy and happy but life
popped up and I just had to I had to
focus on some other priorities in life
as the bottom line so but we're back I'm
back to training at the volume I like to
train at and I haven't forgotten about
the goals and actually it's crazy though
I said this late December 2023 uh two
years ago I was at 4100 miles last year
I was at 3900 I do believe with the
sacrum stress fracture so I'm right in
the ballpark again we'll come back to
the mileage and vertical or the mileage
in vertical here in a minute and last
goal for 2023 34 340,000 vertical feet
um I'm ending up 9,000 ft short and I
might as well talk about this right now
for these mileage and vertical goals
that I have every year it's just ranges
okay it's fun to chase it's fun to keep
yourself accountable to overall goals
for the year but but I'm not going to go
out and run 9,000 vertical feet between
now and the New Year's just to hit that
goal and risk I'll just say it like
injury or like don't H just be careful
with if you do have big goals like that
um be accountable to them but don't if
you get behind or if you get a little
niggle and you need to take a week off
don't feel like you should try and make
that up I mean I I called it sometimes
life happens and you just got to pull
back a little bit but you don't give up
on your bigger long-term goals and
projections in the running space and
life but in the running space
specifically in that video uh so now in
the present uh the birthday mile yes I
want to I I can't believe frankly that I
ran 438 here's some footage from the 438
shout out to Steve for filming that was
I think it was almost 4 years ago I
can't remember maybe 3 years ago
actually and I ran 438 at a track and so
I want to PR my birthday Mile and it's
coming up so that is what and you know
what's interesting I came up with this
idea the birthday mile you know four or
five years ago just kind of for fun but
now I'm realizing and everyone in DJ a
lot of people in dgr do a birthday mile
where you go to you preferably a track
you run as fast as you can for one mile
and what's nice is that every year it's
a little bit of a challenge to make sure
not only are you getting in your long
runs but you're also getting a little
bit of turnover in your workout as well
which is why we're at the track today
introductory workout I do this workout
every uh every time I'm introducing
speed into my training 300 meter repeats
on the track nothing crazy fast not all
out it's basically a long stride a
little faster than a long stride 8 to 12
I'll probably I'll probably do eight
we'll see the legs are a little tired
from the long run on uh Monday uh so
anyway that's what we're up to oh yeah
question of the day we're through q1
2024 how are you doing on your goals for
this year uh most of my goals will
transpire after June after July you know
the
fktsgi
so let's let's get laced up start to get
a little turnover over going cuz the
it's nice like the fitness is coming
back it does come back you all know that
if you're consistent uh over the long
haul you might have to take a little
time off like I did but over the long
haul you will
return well that was fun little 8X 300
nothing crazy all right 55 seconds it
just nice and easy uh got a little
turnover going felt good again getting
ready for that birthday mile but but uh
oh yeah the sled don't do the sled if
you're a track runner if you're getting
ready for short distances the only
reason I pushed that sled whether it's
in the gym or at the field here is for
uphill Mountain running I think because
of the form that you're actually using
as you're pushing that sled it's very
similar to running up steep mountains
like it's short steps powerful steps all
right so that's why I use the sled it's
not it's not for track runners out there
just wanted to clarify that all right
goal number one for 2024 is to uh was
mobility and core I've been working
pretty good on the core lately got to
still focus on the mobility uh but the
kettle bells have been my friend in the
gym let's go get it
[Music]
[Music]
and we're back 16 miles on the day not
too shabby all right here we go the I
don't even know where to begin with this
one um the most obscure strange
unique um just bizarre almost running
injury that I think I've ever had in my
life all right and yes could potentially
uh include surgery to resolve this issue
uh I'll just say it's a uh any
optometrist out there all right
aium is that am I saying that right
Surfers ey all right let me just look at
this here uh it says also known as
Surfers ey is a raised wedg shaped
growth of the conjuctiva that extends
onto the cornea basically I have this
this growth on my eyeball and it doesn't
hurt uh it doesn't obstruct my eyesight
at this point but it is something that I
have to be aware of watch and
potentially have surgery for because it
they really don't they don't go away and
it can expand and eventually it could
grow to the point where it is
obstructing your view obviously you
don't want it to get to that point uh
based on the research I've done though
you can get the surgery and it can grow
back so that's not good and the
optometrist is like what do you do for
work what are you doing out there why do
you have this growing on your eyeball
and I simply said well I'm a runner and
specifically I like running up in the
mountains a lot in the summertime and so
what causes s I'm going to call it surf
Surfers ey that's the nickname um
Sun wind and dust all right it's like
those are the three recipes for what I
do like that's exactly what is happening
when I run above 12,000 ft it's very
sunny very it can be very windy and yes
it can be a little Dusty at times out
there on the it's like so the the op the
doctor uh the optometrist said uh that's
exact that's it that has to be why this
is happening so it is a running injury
uh because it's caused that's what she
said like it's it's definitely going to
be caused by your running and that's why
this this topic is coming up because
over on straa I'm getting a lot of
questions about Seth what in the world
are you doing wearing these goggles well
now you know all right these are
high-grade Goggles meaning it blocks
more the Sun but also the main thing the
doctor said is you want to try to keep
your eyes out of really windy situations
all right so I think they're actually
working as far like they as far as
keeping the wind out and the dust um
will I be able to wear them all summer
long through the summer heat I don't
know but they've been really awesome to
wear uh through the winter and early
spring months here in Colorado where yes
we do get a lot of wind so that is my
running injury that is might requ it
well I I'm going to get a second opinion
just to make sure uh what the best
course of action is but it's like you
know what do you it's
like it's not going to stop me from
running at this point but it is
something I just need to monitor so I
love you all thanks for tuning in to uh
a little a little baby track session A
Little Gym work and then of course this
uh this running injury all right there
it is oh Deli oh Deli it doesn't hurt it
doesn't hurt just looks kind of eh not
so great all right onward and upward we
will uh pass it to the maybe the running
injury playlist or something like that
right there all right seek Beauty work
hard and love each other

---

# Passing the Torch

should we let the 10-year-old fly the
Drone I think we
[Music]
shall
wo there it goes nice
work so now you kind of want to try and
get it right over us oh now you're going
[Music]
down
here A
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
J once the footage is in the computer
then you can start splicing it's called
Uh yeah culling and then splicing the
clips together and then you add music to
it so it's the program that I use is
called Final Cut
Pro
so it works pretty
[Music]
good
[Music]
beat sample
[Music]
pass beef pot roast we'll take
[Music]
it
you're hry thank you oh yummy good
job cleaning house today yes we are
thank you Costco making that membership
pay off if you know what I
[Music]
mean what do you guys
[Music]
say
basketball okay I'll tell you in the
car birthday dinner yep let it be known
that uh the two previous birthdays this
month what was their birthday dinner
they opted for cereal cereal not our
Seth Sebastian no sir Bob protin
Chick-fil-A let's go good choice Seth
and I forgot the keys
now Seth why did you choose uh
Chick-fil-A and protein
um well cereal
like it's
just like it's more of a breakfast food
yeah Chick-fil-A is like a good dinner
mhm all right we'll go get you
Chick-fil-A for birthday dinner and who
are the four who oh yeah so you want to
know Mount Rushmore uhhuh so mount
Rushmore since we've got all your
basketball cards now the Mount
Rushmore in my humble opinion for
basketball oh this is tough okay so of
course Michael Jordan MH next I'm going
to
go oh man this is
hard for me it's
Jordan
Bird Larry
Bird I personally would go Magic
Johnson and then I would also
go
personally I would go kareim Abdul
Jabar and then probably fifth would
probably be
LeBron so but for Mount Rushmore you can
only have four yeah because that's how
many presidents are on the on Mount
Rushmore eight Joseph you for her and
her high chair
pleas was this did you want no I don't
needan anything maybe you should put the
cake back in where do you want to sit
you want sitting by Papa you want some
mac and cheese too pumpkin
o MH
saus
y birthdays all the time let's
[Music]
go put a hat
on pap put a hat on sey boy happy
birthday son you want a hat
you're 10 yay you're 10 today yay your
first decade on Earth sethy what do you
think a decade
wow okay put one
[Music]
in happy birthday to you number 10 happy
birthday to you
happy
birthday
[Music]
dear
Happy to You Make A Wish oh good
job no
can birth don't touch them good job
s
and and that he's the best brother
ever mine is
purple go purple go purple yes purple
yes champion champion birthday boy
anyway Seth we love you we love you so
much Happ birth big number 10 huh we
have two children over 10 W wo so it's a
precious clip if I can find it I'm not
saying I'm going to be able to but yes
and if you can that one from Wellington
Lake when he's little little okay is
running in the water okay my mom says
that's how she knew he'd be a great
athlete a a sethy boy we love you we
love you all right all right here's
Franny sayara see beauty work hard hard
love each
other we love you Fran see you tomorrow
NOP NOP see you whenever babies see you
whenever

---

# Hoka Mach 6 Long Run Test

good
morning I see you I see
you okay A a new day k a new
day what do you think of this
day get you some food in a
minute
we got
you it's so bright out it's so bright
out here we
go here we
[Music]
go good job Henry
training them right you found a massage
gun you found it thank you Bob and
bread
careful no walking on the cushions off
the cushions no not on the cushions
silly
[Music]
monkey
okay
Francine gentle Henry gentle gentle
gentle I got you I got
you
to
the question is can we find a mock
4 uh before we hit the road here
somewhere in the archive need to get a
little organized as always but uh let's
just see I think there might be one
around the mock the mock for oh
yes we're not we're kind of organized
not really there it is oh I love this
color way now one change is uh the
decoupled groove did drop from oh my
goodness remember that shoe everybody
throwback oh man if you want to watch
that review upper right hand corner but
good times in the mach four all
right
how many Mach fours do you think we sold
3 years ago it was a lot I mean that
shoe and actually I think I don't know
how many people actually reviewed the
Mach 3 but if you didn't review The Mach
3 it was hard to get excited about the
Mach 4 because they totally changed the
to change the game mock 4 shout out
still my favorite mock of all time and I
think I got one message over the last uh
two years saying they didn't like the
Mach 4 like it was and may maybe you're
one of them but man that Mach 4 was
special all right don't worry I've got
two mock
sixes hoping for 710 average for the
long run legs feel a little little tired
so so we'll
see if it ends up being slower that's
okay still getting that long run in 2
hours plus butter the
bread oh yeah Max 6 and you know we'll
see how the legs feel after long run in
the mack
6
definitely not a long run shoe got to
say that but it was good out there it it
did fine we're talking 8 to 12 mile type
of shoe just like the Mach 4 just like
the Mach 5 um man it feels like a it
really does I'll get you the full review
very soon I will say one thing uh snug
fit snug snug it's it's lean it's it's
narrow and I don't have a wide foot and
I felt pretty snug inside that toe box
so almost forgot ended up at 721 722 a
mile now I could feel it in the legs the
first mile like it I wasn't I wasn't
ready for 710s yet probably next week or
the following week but uh I'm happy with
it 720 a mile for 20 mi we will take it
early in the training block oh my
goodness man need to come up with a QD
anyone have a QD down below

---

